help configure pon interface
PON INTERFACE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure the provisioning data associated 
with a PON interface.

Note: The value of sig-degrade-th must be greater than sig-fail-th (i.e. 
sig-degrade-th must represent a lower BER value)

The value of closest-ont can be changed only after setting the administrative 
status to down.

The value of diff-reach can be changed only after setting the administrative 
status to down.

The value of fec-dn can be changed only after setting the administrative status 
to down. If the FEC change is made while the admin status is up, then it must 
be set to down and then put back to up for the change to take place.

The value of auth-method can be changed only after setting the administrative 
status to down.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with equipment privileges, and 
executed by operators with equipment privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure pon interface (pon-idx) [ no label | label <Gpon::Label> ] [ no 
ber-calc-period | ber-calc-period <Gpon::BerCalcPeriod> ] [ no polling-period | 
polling-period <Gpon::PollingPeriod> ] [ no sig-degrade-th | sig-degrade-th 
<Gpon::SignalDegThreshold> ] [ no sig-fail-th | sig-fail-th 
<Gpon::SignalFailThreshold> ] [ no fec-dn | fec-dn <Gpon::FecDn> ] [ no 
raman-reduct | raman-reduct <Gpon::RamanReduct> ] [ no closest-ont | closest-ont
 <Gpon::OntDistance> ] [ no diff-reach | diff-reach <Gpon::PonDiffReach> ] [ no 
pon-tag | pon-tag <Gpon::PonTag> ] [ no pon-id | pon-id <Gpon::PonXgId> ] [ no 
mcast-encrypt | mcast-encrypt <Gpon::McEncrypt> ] [ no auth-method | 
auth-method <Gpon::AuthMethod> ] [ no ponid-interval | ponid-interval 
<Gpon::GponIdInterval> ] [ no ponid-odn | ponid-odn <Gpon::GponIdOdn> ] [ no 
ponid-identifier | ponid-identifier <Gpon::GponId> ] [ no max-ranging-onts | 
max-ranging-onts <Gpon::MaxRangingOnts> ] [ no tconts-per-frame | 
tconts-per-frame <Gpon::TcontsPerFrame> ] [ no admin-state | admin-state 
<Gpon::ItfAdminStatus> ] [ no pon-speed | pon-speed <Gpon::PonSpeed> ] [ no 
burst-overhead | burst-overhead <Gpon::BurstModeOverhead> ] [ no onu-prov-mode 
| onu-prov-mode <Gpon::OnuProvMode> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "Pon Interface Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(pon-idx)                  pon index

Table "Pon Interface Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] label                 label of the pon port
                           optional parameter with default value: ""

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::Label>
                           Format:
                           - char string
                           - length: x<=80 

[no] ber-calc-period       measurement period to determine whether a signal 
degraded alarm has occurred for an ont
                           optional parameter with default value: 10L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::BerCalcPeriod>
                           Format:
                           - ber measurement period
                           - unit: 1/10 sec
                           - range: [1...864000]

[no] polling-period        period between two consecutive times the 
autodetection procedure on pon is executed
                           optional parameter with default value: 100L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PollingPeriod>
                           Format:
                           - polling period
                           - unit: 1/10 sec
                           - range: [1...864000]

[no] sig-degrade-th        ber threshold used to detect signal degrade alarms 
for onts
                           optional parameter with default value: 9L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SignalDegThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - signal degrade threshold (x)
                           - unit: 10 ^ (-x)
                           - range: [4...10]

[no] sig-fail-th           ber threshold used to detect a signal fail alarms 
for onts
                           optional parameter with default value: 5L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SignalFailThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - signal fail threshold (x)
                           - unit: 10 ^ (-x)
                           - range: [3...8]

[no] fec-dn                use of fec in downstream direction for all olt 
transmissions
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"disable,ngpon : enable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::FecDn>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : fec is enabled
                           - disable               : fec is disabled

[no] raman-reduct          use of raman reduction code for overlay video in 
downstream direction
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::RamanReduct>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : raman reduction code 
enabled
                           - disable               : raman reduction code 
disabled

[no] closest-ont           the distance of the closest ont on the pon
                           optional parameter with default value: 0L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OntDistance>
                           Format:
                           - closest ont distance(ngpon range is [0,20] unit: 
km)
                           - unit: km
                           - range: [0...40]

[no] diff-reach            the maximum differential logical reach on the PON
                           optional parameter with default value: 20L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PonDiffReach>
                           Format:
                           - pon differential reach(ngpon range is [20,40] 
unit: km)
                           - unit: km
                           - range: [20,34,40]

[no] pon-tag               label of the pon port
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"0000000000000000"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PonTag>
                           Format:
                           - Pon Tag - 16 hex characters
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] pon-id                label of the pon port
                           optional parameter with default value: "00000000"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PonXgId>
                           Format:
                           - Pon Id - 8 hex characters
                           - length: x<=8 

[no] mcast-encrypt         Multicast encryption enable
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::McEncrypt>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : mcast encryption is enabled
                           - disable               : mcast encryption is 
disabled

[no] auth-method           ont authentication mode option for this pon 
interface level
                           optional parameter with default value: "sn-slid"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::AuthMethod>
                           Format:
                           ( sn-slid
                           | logical
                           | loidpre
                           | logical-std
                           | loidpre-std
                           | loid-sn-slid )
                           Possible values:
                           - sn-slid               : sn and slid authentication
                           - logical               : logical authentication
                           - loidpre               : loid precedence mix 
authentication
                           - logical-std           : standard logical 
authentication
                           - loidpre-std           : standard loid precedence 
mix authentication
                           - loid-sn-slid          : loid,sn and slid mixing 
authentication

[no] ponid-interval        interval to send GPON-ID PLOAM message in second
                           optional parameter with default value: 0L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::GponIdInterval>
                           Format:
                           - interval time
                           - unit: second
                           - range: [0...60]

[no] ponid-odn             ODN class of the pon port
                           optional parameter with default value: "auto"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::GponIdOdn>
                           Format:
                           ( a
                           | b
                           | bplus
                           | c
                           | cplus
                           | auto )
                           Possible values:
                           - a                     : ODN Level A
                           - b                     : ODN Level B
                           - bplus                 : ODN Level B+
                           - c                     : ODN Level C
                           - cplus                 : ODN Level C+
                           - auto                  : Auto Detected

[no] ponid-identifier      label of the pon port
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"00000000000000"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::GponId>
                           Format:
                           - Pon Id - 14 hex characters
                           - length: 14 

[no] max-ranging-onts      max ranging ont number for guaranteed bandwidth cac
                           optional parameter with default value: 128L

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::MaxRangingOnts>
                           Format:
                           - ranging onts number;if 0 indicates bandwidth 
calculated by provisioned onts; other value indicates pre-configured onts
                           - range: [0...128]

[no] tconts-per-frame      max service tcont number per gtc frame
                           optional parameter with default value: "64L,xgs : 
44L,ngpon : 16L"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::TcontsPerFrame>
                           Format:
                           - maximum number of tconts per upstream frame, to cal
culate guaranteed bandwidth(GPON range is [1...64], XGSPON and XGPON1 
range[0...64])
                           - range: [0...64]

[no] admin-state           administrative status of the interface
                           optional parameter with default value: "down"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::ItfAdminStatus>
                           Format:
                           ( up
                           | down )
                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : set the admin-state to up
                           - down                  : set the admin-state to down

[no] pon-speed             pon speed
                           optional parameter with default value: "nominal"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PonSpeed>
                           Format:
                           ( nominal
                           | 10g-10g
                           | 10g-2.5g )
                           Possible values:
                           - nominal               : nominal line rate of the 
pon technology : 2.5g down / 1.25g up for gpon; 10g down / dual-rate up for 
ngpon 
                           - 10g-10g               : 10g down / 10g up
                           - 10g-2.5g              : 10g down / 2.5g up

[no] burst-overhead        burst mode overhead
                           optional parameter with default value: "robust"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::BurstModeOverhead>
                           Format:
                           ( robust
                           | reduced )
                           Possible values:
                           - robust                : robust
                           - reduced               : reduced

[no] onu-prov-mode         ONU auto provisioning mode
                           optional parameter with default value: "semi-auto"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OnuProvMode>
                           Format:
                           ( semi-auto
                           | auto )
                           Possible values:
                           - semi-auto             : ONU semi-auto 
provisioning. Template file needs to be specified in ONT config
                           - auto                  : ONU auto provisioning. 
Template file selection done automatically based on ONT type


Table "Pon Interface Configuration Command" Display Parameters

Specific Information:

Parameter                  Description

 oper-state                operational state of the interface
                           This element is always shown.

                           parameter type: <Itf::ifOperStatus>
                           ( up
                           | down
                           | testing
                           | unknown
                           | dormant
                           | no-value )
                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : up,traffic can pass
                           - down                  : down,no traffic is passing
                           - testing               : testing,no traffic is 
passing
                           - unknown               : unknown
                           - dormant               : dormant,no traffic is 
passing
                           - no-value              : no entry in the table

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#