help configure qos profiles l3-filter
QOS L3 FILTER PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure an L3 filter. The created L3 
filter can be reused to build policy actions based on L3 filtering criteria, 
inside QoS session profiles.

DSCP mask is supported with defined L3-filter name with a prefix "DSCPMASKx_", 
'x' must be 1~6, which means treat dscp-value as a last 'x' bits masking -The 
first 8 characters are UPPER CASE ALPHABETIC = DSCPMASK; and -The 9 character 
is NUMERICAL = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}; and -The 10 character is UNDERSCORE; -the 
remaining is configurable.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no l3-filter (name) ) | ( l3-filter (name) [ no 
filter-type | filter-type <Qos::L3FilterType> ] [ no dst-ip-addr | dst-ip-addr 
<Ip::AddressAndMaskFull> ] [ no src-ip-addr | src-ip-addr 
<Ip::AddressAndMaskFull> ] [ no dst-ipv6-addr | dst-ipv6-addr 
<ipv6::PrefixAndLength> ] [ no src-ipv6-addr | src-ipv6-addr 
<ipv6::PrefixAndLength> ] [ no min-dst-port | min-dst-port <Qos::L4PortNumber> 
] [ no max-dst-port | max-dst-port <Qos::L4PortNumber> ] [ no min-src-port | 
min-src-port <Qos::L4PortNumber> ] [ no max-src-port | max-src-port 
<Qos::L4PortNumber> ] [ no dscp-value | dscp-value <Qos::MatchDscpValue> ] [ no 
protocol | protocol <Qos::Protocol> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS L3 Filter Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS L3 Filter Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] filter-type           L3 Filter type. Indicates to what kind of ip frames 
(ipv4 or ipv6) the L3 filter is applicable.
                           optional parameter with default value: "ipv4"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::L3FilterType>
                           Format:
                           ( ipv4
                           | ipv6 )
                           Possible values:
                           - ipv4                  : ipv4
                           - ipv6                  : ipv6

[no] dst-ip-addr           destination ipv4 address to be matched with the 
packet. Only applicable in case filterType is equal to ipv4.
                           optional parameter with default value: "0.0.0.0/0"

                           Parameter type: <Ip::AddressAndMaskFull>
                           Format:
                           <Ip::V4Address> / <Ip::PrefixLengthFull>
                           Field type <Ip::V4Address>
                           - IPv4-address
                           Field type <Ip::PrefixLengthFull>
                           - IP address prefix length
                           - range: [0...32]

[no] src-ip-addr           source ipv4 address to be matched with the packet. 
Only applicable in case filterType is equal to ipv4.
                           optional parameter with default value: "0.0.0.0/0"

                           Parameter type: <Ip::AddressAndMaskFull>
                           Format:
                           <Ip::V4Address> / <Ip::PrefixLengthFull>
                           Field type <Ip::V4Address>
                           - IPv4-address
                           Field type <Ip::PrefixLengthFull>
                           - IP address prefix length
                           - range: [0...32]

[no] dst-ipv6-addr         destination ipv6 address to be matched with the 
packet. Only applicable in case filterType is equal to ipv6.
                           optional parameter with default value: " :  : /0"

                           Parameter type: <ipv6::PrefixAndLength>
                           Format:
                           <ipv6::Prefix> / <ipv6::PrefixLength>
                           Field type <ipv6::Prefix>
                           - IPv6-address
                           Field type <ipv6::PrefixLength>
                           - length of IPv6 address or prefix
                           - range: [0...128]

[no] src-ipv6-addr         source ipv6 address to be matched with the packet. 
Only applicable in case filterType is equal to ipv6.
                           optional parameter with default value: " :  : /0"

                           Parameter type: <ipv6::PrefixAndLength>
                           Format:
                           <ipv6::Prefix> / <ipv6::PrefixLength>
                           Field type <ipv6::Prefix>
                           - IPv6-address
                           Field type <ipv6::PrefixLength>
                           - length of IPv6 address or prefix
                           - range: [0...128]

[no] min-dst-port          minimum value of the layer-4 destination port number
                           optional parameter with default value: 0L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::L4PortNumber>
                           Format:
                           - the layer-4 port number
                           - range: [0...65535]

[no] max-dst-port          maximum value of the layer-4 destination port number
                           optional parameter with default value: 65535L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::L4PortNumber>
                           Format:
                           - the layer-4 port number
                           - range: [0...65535]

[no] min-src-port          minimum value of the layer-4 source port number
                           optional parameter with default value: 0L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::L4PortNumber>
                           Format:
                           - the layer-4 port number
                           - range: [0...65535]

[no] max-src-port          maximum value of the layer-4 source port number
                           optional parameter with default value: 65535L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::L4PortNumber>
                           Format:
                           - the layer-4 port number
                           - range: [0...65535]

[no] dscp-value            dscp value to be matched, -1 means match all
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::MatchDscpValue>
                           Format:
                           - dscp value to be matched, -1 means match all
                           - range: [-1...63]

[no] protocol              protocol to be matched with the packet
                           optional parameter with default value: "all"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::Protocol>
                           Format:
                           ( egp
                           | eigrp
                           | gre
                           | icmp
                           | icmpv6
                           | igmp
                           | igrp
                           | ip
                           | ipinip
                           | ipv6
                           | ipv6-frag
                           | ipv6-hopopt
                           | ipv6-nonxt
                           | ipv6-opts
                           | ipv6-route
                           | ospf-igp
                           | tcp
                           | udp
                           | rsvp
                           | all
                           | <Qos::ProtocolType> )
                           Possible values:
                           - egp                   : egp (IANA protocol number 
8)
                           - eigrp                 : eigrp (IANA protocol 
number 88)
                           - gre                   : gre (IANA protocol number 
47)
                           - icmp                  : icmp (IANA protocol number 
1)
                           - icmpv6                : icmpv6 (IANA protocol 
number 58)
                           - igmp                  : igmp (IANA protocol number 
2)
                           - igrp                  : igrp (IANA protocol number 
9)
                           - ip                    : ip (IANA protocol number 4)
                           - ipinip                : ipinip(protocol id should 
be 94)
                           - ipv6                  : ipv6 (IANA protocol number 
41)
                           - ipv6-frag             : ipv6-frag (IANA protocol 
number 44)
                           - ipv6-hopopt           : ipv6-HOPOPT (IANA protocol 
number 0)
                           - ipv6-nonxt            : ipv6-NoNxt (IANA protocol 
number 59)
                           - ipv6-opts             : ipv6-opts (IANA protocol 
number 60)
                           - ipv6-route            : ipv6-route (IANA protocol 
number 43)
                           - ospf-igp              : ospf-igp (IANA protocol 
number 89)
                           - tcp                   : tcp (IANA protocol number 
6)
                           - udp                   : udp (IANA protocol number 
17)
                           - rsvp                  : rsvp (IANA protocol number 
46)
                           - all                   : all are considered as match
                           Field type <Qos::ProtocolType>
                           - ip protocol value
                           - range: [0...255]


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#