help configure linetest single ltparm
SINGLE LINETEST PARAM CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to manage single linetest parameters.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with sip , xdsl privileges, and 
executed by operators with sip , xdsl privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure linetest single ltparm (sessionid) test-name(unit) <LineTest::TestTy
peSip> [ value1 <LineTest::ParaValue1Sip> ] [ value2 <LineTest::ParaValue2Sip> 
] [ value3 <LineTest::ParaValue3Sip> ] [ value4 <LineTest::ParaValue4Sip> ] [ 
value5 <LineTest::ParaValue5Sip> ] [ min-threshold <LineTest::TestThreshold> ] 
[ max-threshold <LineTest::TestThreshold> ] [ min-threshold2 
<LineTest::TestThreshold> ] [ max-threshold2 <LineTest::TestThreshold> ] [ 
ltstrvalue1 <LineTest::ParaStrValueString> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "SINGLE LineTest Param Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(sessionid)                uniquely identify of session
test-name(unit)            test type

Table "SINGLE LineTest Param Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

value1                     test parameter value1
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaValue1Sip>
                           Format:
                           - parameter value required for the execution of the 
\r\nspecified test type.\r\n<resistance tr/rt(ohm)>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to 
configure whether it is required \r\n| to test the 'signature' or not.\r\n| 
Applicability : MELT only.\r\n| Range: No(0) | Yes(1)\r\n| Default: 
No(0)\r\n<impedance tr/tg/rg(ohm)>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure the 
frequency the test \r\n| must run with.\r\n| Range: 5~3000\r\n| Default: 20  
Unit: Hz\r\n<status-monitored>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure whether to 
check real \r\n| parking or short current state.\r\n| Range: No(1) | 
Yes(2)\r\n| No default value.\r\n<cable-pair-ident>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to 
configure the frequency the test \r\n| must run with.\r\n| Applicability : MELT 
only.\r\n| Range: 300~3400\r\n| Default: 800  Unit: Hz\r\n| For SHDSL, only 800 
Hz (default) and 1000 Hz are \r\n| supported.\r\n<p-meter-pulse-sub>:\r\n| 
Meaning: allows to configure the metering mode.\r\n| Range: 1 
TAPI_METER_MODE_TTX\r\n|        2 TAPI_METER_MODE_REVPOL\r\n| No default value.\
r\n<dpdtmf-signal-sub>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure the number of 
signals\r\n| to be gathered.\r\n| Range: 1~20\r\n| No default 
value.\r\n<isdn-pra-locallb / cablelb>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure the 
test pattern to be \r\n| used for the loopback test.\r\n| If no input is given, 
a 'Pseudo-random' pattern is \r\n| defined and applied by the system.\r\n| If 
an input is given (value in the range 0~254), the \r\n| value defines the 
pattern (range 0x00~0xFE) to be used \r\n| for the loopback test.\r\n| Range: 
0~254\r\n| Default: 'Pseudo-random' pattern (no input given)\r\n<cas-r2-locallb 
/ cablelb>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure the test pattern to be \r\n| used 
for the loopback test.\r\n| If no input is given, a 'Pseudo-random' pattern is 
\r\n| defined and applied by the system.\r\n| If an input is given (value in 
the range 0~254), the \r\n| value defines the pattern (range 0x00~0xFE) to be 
used \r\n| for the loopback test.\r\n| Range: 0~254\r\n| Default: 
'Pseudo-random' pattern (no input given)

value2                     test parameter value2
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaValue2Sip>
                           Format:
                           - parameter value required for the execution of the 
\r\nspecified test type.\r\n<impedance tr/tg/rg(ohm)>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to 
configure the RMS voltage level.\r\n| Range: -150~+150\r\n| Default: 15  Unit: 
V\r\n<cable-pair-ident>:\r\n| Meaning: allows to configure the power 
level.\r\n| Applicability : MELT only.\r\n| Range: -600~0\r\n| For XDSL, range 
is -600~-160\r\n| For SHDSL, range is -340~-40\r\n| Default: -160  Unit: 0.1 dbm

value3                     test parameter value3
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaValue3Sip>
                           Format:
                           - parameter value3 is actually not used

value4                     test parameter value4
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaValue4Sip>
                           Format:
                           - parameter value4 is actually not used

value5                     test parameter value5
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaValue5Sip>
                           Format:
                           - parameter value5 is actually not used

min-threshold              threshold min of this test type
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - threshold of the test type
                           - range: [-2147483647...2147483647]

max-threshold              threshold max of this test type
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - threshold of the test type
                           - range: [-2147483647...2147483647]

min-threshold2             threshold2 min of this test type
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - threshold of the test type
                           - range: [-2147483647...2147483647]

max-threshold2             threshold2 max of this test type
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestThreshold>
                           Format:
                           - threshold of the test type
                           - range: [-2147483647...2147483647]

ltstrvalue1                test parameter string value1
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ParaStrValueString>
                           Format:
                           - string parameter value required for the execution 
of the \r\nspecified test type.\r\n<diagnosis-call(1/10s)>:\r\n| Meaning: 
allows to configure destination number.\r\n| Applicability: NBLT only.\r\n| 
Range: 0~9, *, #.\r\n| No default value.\r\n| Length: 1~16.


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#