help configure qos interface
QOS INTERFACE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure QoS settings on a user-port 
Interface. A user-port Interface can be a DSL-link, an Shdsl-link, an Ethernet 
Line, a Link Aggregation Group or a pon, ont or uni interface. For each 
Interface the operator can apply scheduling and CAC and shaper settings.

A scheduler node profile is used to configure egress scheduler settings for 
each egress Interface. A CAC profile is used to configure CAC settings for each 
Interface. A shaper profile is used to configure downstream flooding shaper 
settings for each Interface.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos interface (index) [ no scheduler-node | scheduler-node 
<Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName> ] [ no ingress-profile | ingress-profile 
<Qos::QosIngressProfileNameEOnu> ] [ no cac-profile | cac-profile 
<Qos::QosCacProfileName> ] [ no ext-cac | ext-cac <Qos::QosCacProfileName> ] [ 
[ no ] ds-queue-sharing ] [ [ no ] us-queue-sharing ] [ no ds-num-queue | 
ds-num-queue <Qos::NumberofQueues> ] [ no ds-num-rem-queue | ds-num-rem-queue 
<Qos::NumberofQueues> ] [ no us-num-queue | us-num-queue <Qos::NumberofQueues> 
] [ [ no ] queue-stats-on ] [ [ no ] autoschedule ] [ oper-weight 
<Qos::QosWeight> ] [ oper-rate <Qos::ShaperExcessiveInfoRate> ] [ [ no ] 
us-vlanport-queue ] [ no dsfld-shaper-prof | dsfld-shaper-prof 
<Qos::QosShaperProfileName> ] [ no bandwidth-profile | bandwidth-profile 
<Qos::QosBandwidthProfileName> ] [ no bandwidth-sharing | bandwidth-sharing 
<Qos::UniBandwidthSharing> ] [ no aggr-usq-profile | aggr-usq-profile 
<Qos::QosAggrQueuesConfigProfileName> ] [ no aggr-dsq-profile | 
aggr-dsq-profile <Qos::QosAggrQueuesConfigProfileName> ] [ no gem-sharing | 
gem-sharing <Qos::GemSharing> ] [ no scheduler-mode | scheduler-mode <Qos::Sched
ulerMode> ] [ no mc-scheduler-node | mc-scheduler-node 
<Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName> ] [ no bc-scheduler-node | bc-scheduler-node 
<Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName> ] [ no ds-schedule-tag | ds-schedule-tag 
<Qos::DsScheduleTag> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Interface Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(index)                    physical port  or la-group of a user-port Interface

Table "QoS Interface Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] scheduler-node        the name of the scheduler-node profile to be mapped 
on this user-port Interface
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ingress-profile       the name of the ingress profile to be mapped on this 
user-port Interface. It only used for EPON ONU interface current.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosIngressProfileNameEOnu>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] cac-profile           the name of the cac profile to be mapped on this 
user-port Interface. For EPON OLT in downstream, this profile used for CAC on 
1G PON bandwidth.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosCacProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | none )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ext-cac               the name of the cac profile to be mapped on this 
user-port Interface. For EPON OLT in downstream, this profile used for CAC on 
10G PON bandwidth.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosCacProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | none )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ds-queue-sharing      enable downstream queue sharing
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] us-queue-sharing      enable upstream queue sharing
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] ds-num-queue          number of downstream queues per uni
                           optional parameter with default value: 4

                           Parameter type: <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           Format:
                           ( not-applicable
                           | <Qos::NumberofQueues> )
                           Possible values:
                           - not-applicable        : not applicable
                           Field type <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           - number of queues per uni
                           - range: [4,8,1]

[no] ds-num-rem-queue      number of remote downstream queues per ont
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           Format:
                           ( not-applicable
                           | <Qos::NumberofQueues> )
                           Possible values:
                           - not-applicable        : not applicable
                           Field type <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           - number of queues per uni
                           - range: [4,8,1]

[no] us-num-queue          number of upstream queues per uni
                           optional parameter with default value: 8

                           Parameter type: <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           Format:
                           ( not-applicable
                           | <Qos::NumberofQueues> )
                           Possible values:
                           - not-applicable        : not applicable
                           Field type <Qos::NumberofQueues>
                           - number of queues per uni
                           - range: [4,8,1]

[no] queue-stats-on        enable queue stats collection for ont uni
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] autoschedule          
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

oper-weight                operational weight of the ONT or UNI scheduler
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosWeight>
                           Format:
                           - relative weight
                           - range: [0...127]

oper-rate                  Operational rate limit when autoShape enabled for 
ONT or UNI
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ShaperExcessiveInfoRate>
                           Format:
                           - excessive information rate of a shaper
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] us-vlanport-queue     Enable Vlan Port Level Queue Configuration
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] dsfld-shaper-prof     the name of the shaper profile attached to the pon
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosShaperProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] bandwidth-profile     the name of the bandwidth profile.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosBandwidthProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | none )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] bandwidth-sharing     enable or  disable bandwidth sharing
                           optional parameter with default value: "no-sharing"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::UniBandwidthSharing>
                           Format:
                           ( no-sharing
                           | ont-sharing )
                           Possible values:
                           - no-sharing            : disable bandwidth sharing
                           - ont-sharing           : enable UNI level BW  or 
TCONT sharing across UNIs of an ONT

[no] aggr-usq-profile      the name of the aggrQueuesConfig profile applied on 
upstream queues of an UNI.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosAggrQueuesConfigProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] aggr-dsq-profile      the name of the aggrQueuesConfig profile applied on 
downstream queues of an UNI.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosAggrQueuesConfigProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] gem-sharing           enable or disable gem sharing
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::GemSharing>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable
                           | not-applicable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : enable GEM sharing
                           - disable               : disable GEM sharing
                           - not-applicable        : not applicable

[no] scheduler-mode        specifies which mode is selected for scheduler
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"subscriber-hierarchy"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SchedulerMode>
                           Format:
                           ( subscriber-hierarchy
                           | service-hierarchy
                           | service-flat )
                           Possible values:
                           - subscriber-hierarchy  : Subscriber-based 
hierarchical scheduling. This mode achieves subscriber fairness using a Traffic 
Management hierarchy of subscriber levels.
                           - service-hierarchy     : Service-based hierarchical 
scheduling. This mode achieves subscriber fairness using a Traffic Management 
hierarchy of subscriber levels, but also takes into account the service 
priority across all subscribers to achieve service fairness.
                           - service-flat          : Service-based scheduling 
across all subscribers, using a flat class-based scheduler and aggregated 
queues associated with the physical port (e.g. PON port).

[no] mc-scheduler-node     the name of the scheduler-node profile to be mapped 
on multicast port
                           optional parameter with default value: "name : 
Multicast_Default"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] bc-scheduler-node     the name of the scheduler-node profile to be mapped 
on broadcast port
                           optional parameter with default value: "name : 
Broadcast_Default"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SchedulerNodeProfName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to associat
ed
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ds-schedule-tag       specifies downstream scheduler reference
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"egressoutertag"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::DsScheduleTag>
                           Format:
                           ( egressoutertag
                           | cvlantag
                           | svlantag )
                           Possible values:
                           - egressoutertag        : system default behavior: 
always the egress outer tag used.
                           - cvlantag              : Select downstream 
scheduler based on the c-vlan.
                           - svlantag              : Select downstream 
scheduler based on the s-vlan.


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser># 

25/10/25 19:36:38 major alarm occurred for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, 8 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser># 

25/10/25 19:36:38 major alarm cleared for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, 8 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#