help configure qos profiles queue
QOS QUEUE PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=======================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a QoS queue profile. A queue 
profile or buffer acceptance control (BAC) profile contains configuration 
information on data plane queues. BAC profiles can be used on the L3 line cards.

Minimum and Maximum Threshold value for queues are given in packets.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no queue (name) ) | ( queue (name) 
(bac-complex-type) [ no unit | unit <Qos::Units> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Queue Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Queue Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

(bac-complex-type)         buffer acceptance control algorithm
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::BACComplexType>
                           Format:
                           ( tail-drop : <Qos::MaxThreshold>
                           | red : <Qos::MinThreshold> : <Qos::MaxThreshold> : 
<Qos::DiscardProbability>
                           | twocolour-taildrop : <Qos::MaxThreshold> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdYellow>
                           | twocolourred : <Qos::MinThreshold> : 
<Qos::MaxThreshold> : <Qos::DiscardProbability> : <Qos::MinThresholdYellow> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdYellow> : <Qos::DiscardProbYellow>
                           | gpon-tail-drop : <Qos::MinThreshold> : 
<Qos::MaxThreshold>
                           | threecolour-taildrop : <Qos::MaxThreshold> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdYellow> : <Qos::MaxThresholdRed>
                           | threecolour-red : <Qos::MinThreshold> : <Qos::MaxTh
reshold> : <Qos::DiscardProbability> : <Qos::MinThresholdYellow> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdYellow> : <Qos::DiscardProbYellow> : <Qos::MinThresholdRed> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdRed> : <Qos::DiscardProbRed>
                           | gpon-threecolour-red : <Qos::MinThreshold> : 
<Qos::MaxThreshold> : <Qos::DiscardProbability> : <Qos::MinThresholdYellow> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdYellow> : <Qos::DiscardProbYellow> : <Qos::MinThresholdRed> : 
<Qos::MaxThresholdRed> : <Qos::DiscardProbRed> : <Qos::MinQueueSize> : <Qos::Max
QueueSize> )
                           Possible values:
                           - tail-drop             : tail drop algorithm
                           - red                   : random early detection 
algorithm
                           - twocolour-taildrop    : colour-aware tail drop 
algorithm
                           - twocolourred          : colour-aware random early 
detection algorithm
                           - gpon-tail-drop        : gpon tail drop algorithm
                           - threecolour-taildrop  : three colour aware tail 
drop algorithm
                           - threecolour-red       : three colour aware random 
early detection algorithm
                           - gpon-threecolour-red  : three colour aware random 
early detection algorithm with min and max queue sizes
                           Field type <Qos::MinThreshold>
                           - min threshold of green frames or min threshold of 
frames for RED type or min queue size for gpon-tail-drop: if unit is 
packet,range:[1..1048574] for gpon, [1..1398100] for non gpon,[1..681] for 
DSL,[1..1999] for ngvr; if unit is byte,range is  [1..2147483646] for fibre 
bactypes,[1..1048575] for DSL bactypes,[1..3000319] for ngvr bactypes
                           - range: [1...2147483646]
                           Field type <Qos::MaxThreshold>
                           - max threshold of green frames or max threshold of 
frames for RED type or max queue size for tail-drop/gpon-tail-drop: if unit is 
packet,range:[2..1048575] for gpon, [2..1398101] for non gpon,[2..682] for DSL, 
[2..2000] for ngvr;if unit is byte,range is [2..2147483647] for fibre bactypes, 
 [2..1048576] for DSL bactypes; [2..3000320] for ngvr bactypes
                           - range: [2...2147483647]
                           Field type <Qos::DiscardProbability>
                           - maximum discard probability of green frames
                           - unit: %
                           - range: [0...100]
                           Field type <Qos::MinThresholdYellow>
                           - min threshold for yellow frames: if unit is 
packet,range:[1..1048574] for gpon, [1..1398100] for non gpon,[1..681] for 
DSL,[1..1999] for ngvr; if unit is byte,range is  [1..2147483646] for fibre 
bactypes,[1..1048575] for DSL bactypes,[1..3000319] for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [1...2147483646]
                           Field type <Qos::MaxThresholdYellow>
                           - max threshold for yellow frames: if unit is 
packet,range:[2..1048575] for gpon, [2..1398101] for non gpon,[2..682] for DSL, 
[2..2000] for ngvr;if unit is byte,range is [2..2147483647] for fibre bactypes, 
 [2..1048576] for DSL bactypes; [2..3000320] for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [2...2147483647]
                           Field type <Qos::DiscardProbYellow>
                           - maximum discard probability of yellow frames
                           - unit: %
                           - range: [0...100]
                           Field type <Qos::MinThresholdRed>
                           - min threshold for red frames: if unit is 
packet,range:[1..1048574] for gpon, [1..1398100] for non gpon,[1..681] for 
DSL,[1..1999] for ngvr; if unit is byte,range is  [1..2147483646] for fibre 
bactypes,[1..1048575] for DSL bactypes,[1..3000319] for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [1...2147483646]
                           Field type <Qos::MaxThresholdRed>
                           - max threshold for red frames: if unit is 
packet,range:[2..1048575] for gpon, [2..1398101] for non gpon,[2..682] for DSL, 
[2..2000] for ngvr;if unit is byte,range is [2..2147483647] for fibre bactypes, 
 [2..1048576] for DSL bactypes; [2..3000320] for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [2...2147483647]
                           Field type <Qos::DiscardProbRed>
                           - maximum discard probability of red frames
                           - unit: %
                           - range: [0...100]
                           Field type <Qos::MinQueueSize>
                           - minimum guaranteed queue size : if unit is 
packet,range:[1..1048574] for gpon, [1..1398100] for non gpon,[1..1999] for 
ngvr; if unit is byte,range is  [1..2147483646] for fibre bactypes,[1..3000319] 
for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [1...2147483646]
                           Field type <Qos::MaxQueueSize>
                           - maximum queue size: if unit is packet,range:[2..104
8575] for gpon, [2..1398101] for non gpon,[2..2000] for ngvr;if unit is 
byte,range is [2..2147483647] for fibre bactypes,[2..3000320] for ngvr bactypes 
                           - range: [2...2147483647]

[no] unit                  identify the threshold unit type
                           optional parameter with default value: "packet"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::Units>
                           Format:
                           ( packet
                           | byte )
                           Possible values:
                           - packet                : the unit of discard 
threshold is packet
                           - byte                  : the unit of discard 
threshold is byte


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#