help configure atm pvc
ATM PVC CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=============================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure an ATM PVC.

The admin status allows or disallows traffic on the PVC.

The encapsulation type configures the way higher-layer traffic is encapsulated 
in the AAL5 container.

The LLC Encapsulation method allows the multiplexing of multiple protocols over 
a single ATM VC. The protocol type of each PDU is identified by a prefixed IEEE 
802.2 LLC header.


In the VC Multiplexing method, each ATM VC carries PDUs of exactly one protocol 
type. When multiple protocols must be transported, there is a separate VC for 
each protocol type.

Use of the encapsulations:
  - llc-snap and vc-mux-bridged-8023 can be used for cross-connects, ibridge, 
PPPoE, and IPoE
  - llc-snap-routed and vc-mux-routed can be used for IPoA
  - llc-nlpid and vc-mux-pppoa can be used for PPPoA
  - none can be used for ATM pseudowire

It is also possible to automatically detect the used encapsulation type on the 
link.
  - automatic:ip is used for auto-detection between llc-snap, 
vc-mux-bridged-8023, llc-snap-routed, and vc-mux-routed; ipoe and ipoa 
dataframes are accepted;
  - automatic:ppp is used for auto-detection between llc-snap, 
vc-mux-bridged-8023, llc-nlpid, and vc-mux-pppoa; pppoa and pppoe dataframes 
are accepted;
  - automatic:pppoa is used for auto-detection between llc-nlpid and 
vc-mux-pppoa, only pppoa dataframes are accepted;
  - automatic:ipoe-ppp is used for auto-detection between llc-snap, 
vc-mux-bridged-8023, llc-nlpid and vc-mux-pppoa; ipoe, pppoa and pppoe 
dataframes are accepted;

The only encapsulation type supported on L2 LTs is llc-snap.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with atm privileges, and executed by 
operators with atm privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure atm ( no pvc (port-index) ) | ( pvc (port-index) [ [ no ] 
admin-down ] [ no aal5-encap-type | aal5-encap-type <Atm::VccEncapType> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "ATM PVC Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(port-index)               the atm static Interface with vpi and vci

Table "ATM PVC Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] admin-down            disable traffic flow
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] aal5-encap-type       encapsulation method for traffic in an AAL5 container
                           optional parameter with default value: "llc-snap"

                           Parameter type: <Atm::VccEncapType>
                           Format:
                           ( llc-snap
                           | llc-snap-routed
                           | llc-nlpid
                           | vc-mux-bridged-8023
                           | vc-mux-routed
                           | vc-mux-pppoa
                           | none
                           | automatic : ip
                           | automatic : ppp
                           | automatic : pppoa
                           | automatic : ipoe-ppp )
                           Possible values:
                           - llc-snap              : logical link control 
encapsulation bridged protocol
                           - llc-snap-routed       : logical link control 
encapsulation routed protocol
                           - llc-nlpid             : logical link control 
encapsulation pppoa protocol
                           - vc-mux-bridged-8023   : virtual channel multiplex 
bridged protocol
                           - vc-mux-routed         : virtual channel multiplex 
routed protocol
                           - vc-mux-pppoa          : virtual channel multiplex 
pppoa protocol
                           - automatic             : automatic detection of 
encapsulation type
                           - none                  : no encapsulation type
                           Possible values:
                           - ip                    : autodetection of the used 
ip encapsulation
                           - ppp                   : autodetection of the used 
ppp encapsulation
                           - pppoa                 : autodetection of the used 
pppoa encapsulation
                           - ipoe-ppp              : autodetection of the used 
ip or ppp encapsulation


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#