help configure qos profiles scheduler-node
QOS SCHEDULER NODE PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
================================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a QoS scheduler node profile. The 
scheduler node profiles contain configuration settings for the data plane 
schedulers. These scheduler node profiles are applicable to downstream 
schedulers on the L3 line cards. The scheduler node settings on the service hub 
can be modified separately.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no scheduler-node (name) ) | ( scheduler-node (name) 
priority <Qos::QosPriority> weight <Qos::QosWeight> shaper-profile 
<Qos::QosShaperProfileName> [ no ext-shaper | ext-shaper 
<Qos::QosShaperProfileName> ] [ no mcast-inc-shape | mcast-inc-shape 
<Qos::QosMulticastInclShaping> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Scheduler Node Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Scheduler Node Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

priority                   relative priority of the scheduler-node
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPriority>
                           Format:
                           - relative priority
                           - range: [1...8]

weight                     relative weight of the scheduler-node
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosWeight>
                           Format:
                           - relative weight
                           - range: [0...127]

shaper-profile             the associated shaper profile. For EPON OLT in 
downstream, this profile used for LLID shaper on 1G PON bandwidth.
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosShaperProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ext-shaper            the associated shaper profile. For EPON OLT in 
downstream, this profile used for LLID shaper on 10G PON bandwidth.
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosShaperProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associated
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] mcast-inc-shape       indicates whether downstream shaping includes Mcast
                           optional parameter with default value: "false"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosMulticastInclShaping>
                           Format:
                           ( mcast-shap-on
                           | no-mcast-shap )
                           Possible values:
                           - mcast-shap-on         : Downstream shaping 
includes Mcast
                           - no-mcast-shap         : Downstream shaping doesnot 
include Mcast


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#