help configure qos profiles policer
QOS POLICER PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a QoS policer profile. A QoS 
policer profile contains all settings related to a policer. The ISAM supports 
single token bucket policers, where the action upon conformance is either pass 
or discard.

The L3 line cards units support both upstream and downstream policing. A 
policer profile can be used within a QoS session profile for upstream and 
downstream policing.

The L2 line cards units do not support policing.

The SHub/IHub supports ingress policing, but it does not use policer profiles. 
See the section about the QoS Ingress Policing Configuration Command to set up 
ingress policing on the SHub/IHub.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no policer (name) ) | ( policer (name) 
committed-info-rate <Qos::CommittedInfoRate> committed-burst-size 
<Qos::CommittedBurstSize> [ no policer-type | policer-type <Qos::PolicerType> ] 
[ no excess-info-rate | excess-info-rate <Qos::ExcessInfoRate > ] [ no 
excess-burst-size | excess-burst-size <Qos::ExcessBurstSize> ] [ no 
coupling-flag | coupling-flag <Qos::CouplingFlag> ] [ no color-mode | 
color-mode <Qos::ColorMode> ] [ no green-action | green-action 
<Qos::GreenAction> ] [ no yellow-action | yellow-action <Qos::YellowAction> ] [ 
no red-action | red-action <Qos::RedAction> ] [ no policed-size-ctrl | 
policed-size-ctrl <Qos::PoliceFrameCtrl> ] [ no peak-info-rate | peak-info-rate 
<Qos::PeakInfoRate> ] [ no peak-burst-size | peak-burst-size 
<Qos::PeakBurstSize> ] [ no cos-threshold | cos-threshold 
<Qos::QosCoSThresholdProfileName> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Policer Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Policer Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

committed-info-rate        committed information rate of a policer
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::CommittedInfoRate>
                           Format:
                           - information rate
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

committed-burst-size       committed burst size of a policer
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::CommittedBurstSize>
                           Format:
                           - committed burst size of a policer
                           - unit: bytes
                           - range: [0...134217728]

[no] policer-type          the policer type
                           optional parameter with default value: "single-token-
bucket"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PolicerType>
                           Format:
                           ( single-token-bucket
                           | trtcm
                           | trtcmwithcosrfc2698
                           | trtcmwithcosrfc4115 )
                           Possible values:
                           - single-token-bucket   : single token bucket
                           - trtcm                 : trtcm Policer
                           - trtcmwithcosrfc2698   : trTCMwithCoS RFC2698 
policer
                           - trtcmwithcosrfc4115   : trTCMwithCoS RFC4115 
policer

[no] excess-info-rate      excess information rate of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ExcessInfoRate >
                           Format:
                           - information rate
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] excess-burst-size     excess burst size of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: 64

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ExcessBurstSize>
                           Format:
                           - excess burst size of a policer
                           - unit: bytes
                           - range: [0...134217728]

[no] coupling-flag         the coupling flag of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::CouplingFlag>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : enable
                           - disable               : disable

[no] color-mode            the color mode of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: "color-blind"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ColorMode>
                           Format:
                           ( color-blind
                           | color-aware )
                           Possible values:
                           - color-blind           : color blind mode
                           - color-aware           : color aware mode

[no] green-action          action for green  packet of a policer for trtcm,  mar
ker profile for green packet
                           optional parameter with default value: "pass"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::GreenAction>
                           Format:
                           ( pass
                           | remark : <Aaa::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | setouterdei )
                           Possible values:
                           - pass                  : pass
                           - remark                : remark
                           - setouterdei           : setOuterDEI
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] yellow-action         action for yellow packet of a policer for trtcm, 
marker profile for yellow packet
                           optional parameter with default value: "pass"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::YellowAction>
                           Format:
                           ( pass
                           | discard
                           | remark : <Aaa::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | setouterdei )
                           Possible values:
                           - pass                  : pass
                           - discard               : discard
                           - remark                : remark
                           - setouterdei           : setOuterDEI
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] red-action            action for red packet of a policer for trtcm, marker 
profile for red packet
                           optional parameter with default value: "discard"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::RedAction>
                           Format:
                           ( pass
                           | discard
                           | remark : <Aaa::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | setouterdei )
                           Possible values:
                           - pass                  : pass
                           - discard               : discard
                           - remark                : remark
                           - setouterdei           : setOuterDEI
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] policed-size-ctrl     control for policed frame size
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"auto-controlled"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PoliceFrameCtrl>
                           Format:
                           ( auto-controlled
                           | ingress-mode
                           | egress-mode
                           | rmv4b-ingress )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto-controlled       : backward compatibility for 
all LTs
                           - ingress-mode          : policer working with 
ingress packet size
                           - egress-mode           : policer working with 
egress packet size
                           - rmv4b-ingress         : policer working on packet 
size with 4 bytes removed from ingress

[no] peak-info-rate        peak information rate of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PeakInfoRate>
                           Format:
                           - peak information rate, for RFC2698
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] peak-burst-size       peak burst size of a policer for trtcm
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PeakBurstSize>
                           Format:
                           - peak burst size of a policer, for RFC2698
                           - unit: bytes
                           - range: [0...134217728]

[no] cos-threshold         cos threshold profile name applicable on the profile
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosCoSThresholdProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#