help configure qos dsl-ctrl-pkt-policer
QOS DSL CONTROL PKT POLICER CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=================================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a upstream QoS Dsl Control Packet 
Policer.This control packet policer serves to prevent DoS attacks from 
subscriber premises against the control plane of the ISAM. The policing 
parameters that can be configured are the sustainable rate in packets/sec and 
the maximum burst size in packets.

Control packets arriving at a higher rate then the sustainable rate are dropped 
by the policer.

Control packets arriving in a longer burst then the maximum burst size are 
dropped by the policer.

Control packets are packets directed to the LSM itself or inserted by the LSM. 
The control packet protocol type depends on the applied forwarding model, and 
can be 802.1x, ARP, RIP, DHCP, IGMP, PPPoEDiscovery , PPP LCP, PPP control, PPP 
LCP termination acknowledgement. Policing is not applied on control packets 
inserted by the LSM.

This command allows the operator to control the DSL line level control packet 
policer (enable or disable) for control protocol packets that remains in the 
data plane. And this feature is supported only for ARP and RIP protocol.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos dsl-ctrl-pkt-policer [ no sustained-rate | sustained-rate 
<Qos::SustainedRate> ] [ no burst-size | burst-size <Qos::DslCtrlBurstSize> ] [ 
no protocol-ctrl | protocol-ctrl <Qos::ControlProtocolPolicerCtrl> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Dsl Control Pkt Policer Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] sustained-rate        max sustainable rate in packets/sec
                           optional parameter with default value: 15

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SustainedRate>
                           Format:
                           - the police rate of inc user pkts in pps
                           - range: [1...64]

[no] burst-size            max burst size, in packets
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <Qos::DslCtrlBurstSize>
                           Format:
                           - the burst size
                           - range: [1...128]

[no] protocol-ctrl         DSL control packet policer applicability for control 
protocol packets that remain in data plane. Currently under this only ARP and 
RIP control packets are controlled.
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"police-arprip"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ControlProtocolPolicerCtrl>
                           Format:
                           ( police-arprip
                           | nopolice-arprip )
                           Possible values:
                           - police-arprip         : police arp rip packets by 
the dsl-ctrl-policer if handled as data packet
                           - nopolice-arprip       : no police arp rip packets 
by the dsl-ctrl-policer if handled as data packet


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#