help configure qos profiles shaper
QOS SHAPER PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a QoS shaper profile. A QoS 
shaper profile contains all settings related to a shaper. The ISAM supports 
single token bucket shapers. EIR is only applicable if shaper type is 
singleTokenBucketGpon. CBS is applicable only if the shaper type is 
singleTokenBucket.

The L2+ line cards support shaping on queue.

1. GPON supports EIR and CIR. If CBS is non-zero for GPON; CLI will return an 
error.

2. DSL doesn't support EIR. So if user enters non-zero for EIR for DSL; CLI 
will return an error.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no shaper (name) ) | ( shaper (name) 
committed-info-rate <Qos::ShaperCommittedInfoRate> committed-burst-size 
<Qos::ShaperCommittedBurstSizeNew> [ no excess-info-rate | excess-info-rate 
<Qos::ShaperExcessiveInfoRate> ] [ no type | type <Qos::ShaperType> ] [ no 
autoshape | autoshape <Qos::AutoShape> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Shaper Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Shaper Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

committed-info-rate        committed information rate of a shaper
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ShaperCommittedInfoRate>
                           Format:
                           - committed information rate of a shaper
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

committed-burst-size       committed burst size of shaper
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ShaperCommittedBurstSizeNew>
                           Format:
                           - committed burst size of shaper
                           - unit: byte
                           - range: [0,64...2147483647]

[no] excess-info-rate      excessive information rate  of shaper
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ShaperExcessiveInfoRate>
                           Format:
                           - excessive information rate of a shaper
                           - unit: kbps
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] type                  the shaper profile type
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"singletokenbucket"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::ShaperType>
                           Format:
                           ( singletokenbucket
                           | singletokenbucketgpon
                           | onetokentworate
                           | twotokenbuckettworate )
                           Possible values:
                           - singletokenbucket     : single Token Bucket
                           - singletokenbucketgpon : single Token Bucket for 
GPON
                           - onetokentworate       : single Token Two Rate 
Bucket
                           - twotokenbuckettworate : two Token Two Rate Bucket

[no] autoshape             enable or disable automatic shaping
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"no-autoshape-on"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::AutoShape>
                           Format:
                           ( autoshape-on
                           | no-autoshape-on )
                           Possible values:
                           - autoshape-on          : enable shaping based on 
queue parameters
                           - no-autoshape-on       : disable shaping based on 
queue parameters


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#