help configure ethernet ont
ONT ETHERNET PORT CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=======================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to modify ONT Ethernet port provisioning data.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with transport privileges, and 
executed by operators with transport privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure ethernet ont (uni-idx) [ no cust-info | cust-info <Gpon::CustInfo> 
] [ auto-detect <Gpon::AutoDetect> ] [ no power-control | power-control 
<Gpon::PowerControl> ] [ no pse-class | pse-class <Gpon::PSEClass> ] [ no 
pse-pw-priority | pse-pw-priority <Gpon::PSEPwrPri> ] [ no pwr-override | 
pwr-override <Gpon::PowerShedOverride> ] [ no lpt-mode | lpt-mode 
<Gpon::LPTMODE> ] [ no admin-state | admin-state <Gpon::ItfAdminStatus> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "ONT Ethernet Port Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(uni-idx)                  identification of the uni interface index

Table "ONT Ethernet Port Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] cust-info             port information
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CustInfo>
                           Format:
                           - a printable string
                           - length: x<=80 

auto-detect                auto detection configuration
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::AutoDetect>
                           Format:
                           ( 10_100baset-auto
                           | 10baset-fd
                           | 100baset-fd
                           | 1000baset-fd
                           | auto-basetfd
                           | 10gig-fd
                           | 2.5gig-fd
                           | 5gig-fd
                           | 10baset-auto
                           | 10baset-hd
                           | 100baset-hd
                           | 1000baset-hd
                           | autobaset-hd
                           | 10_100_1000baset-auto
                           | 100baset-auto
                           | auto
                           | 1000baset-auto )
                           Possible values:
                           - 10_100baset-auto      : 10/100/1000 Base T, auto 
sensing (note: this auto sensing behavior ensures backward compatibility with 
older software releases. It may result in the port negotiating to 1 Gbps)
                           - 10baset-fd            : 10 Base T, full duplex
                           - 100baset-fd           : 100 Base T, full duplex
                           - 1000baset-fd          : 1000 Base T, full duplex
                           - auto-basetfd          : 10/100/1000 Base T, full 
duplex
                           - 10gig-fd              : 10 Gig, full duplex only
                           - 2.5gig-fd             : 2.5 Gig, full duplex only
                           - 5gig-fd               : 5 Gig, full duplex only
                           - 10baset-auto          : 10 Base T,automatic sensing
                           - 10baset-hd            : 10 Base T, half Duplex
                           - 100baset-hd           : 100 Base T, half duplex
                           - 1000baset-hd          : 1000 Base T, half duplex
                           - autobaset-hd          : 10/100/1000 Base T, half 
duplex
                           - 10_100_1000baset-auto : 10/100/1000 Base T, auto 
sensing
                           - 100baset-auto         : 100 Base T, auto sensing
                           - auto                  : 10/100/1000 Base T, auto 
sensing
                           - 1000baset-auto        : 1000 Base T auto sensing

[no] power-control         power control configuration
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PowerControl>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : provide power to external 
equipment
                           - disable               : not provide power to 
external equipment

[no] pse-class             power class configuration
                           optional parameter with default value: "0"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PSEClass>
                           Format:
                           ( 0
                           | 1
                           | 2
                           | 3
                           | 4
                           | 5 )
                           Possible values:
                           - 0                     : Default output power
                           - 1                     : Class 0, the output power 
is 15.4w
                           - 2                     : Class 1, the output power 
is 4.0w
                           - 3                     : Class 2, the output power 
is 7.0w
                           - 4                     : Class 3, the output power 
is 15.4w
                           - 5                     : Class 4, the output power 
is 30.0w

[no] pse-pw-priority       power supply priority
                           optional parameter with default value: "low"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PSEPwrPri>
                           Format:
                           ( critical
                           | high
                           | low )
                           Possible values:
                           - critical              : Prevents overcurrent 
situations by last disconnecting the ports with critical priority
                           - high                  : Prevents overcurrent 
situations by disconnecting the ports with high priority
                           - low                   : Prevents overcurrent 
situations by first disconnecting the ports with lower priority(Default)

[no] pwr-override          configure power shedding
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PowerShedOverride>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : port is excluded from data 
class power shedding
                           - disable               : port is included in data 
class power shedding

[no] lpt-mode              LinkPassThrough(LPT) mode configuration
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"not-supported"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::LPTMODE>
                           Format:
                           ( not-supported
                           | enabled
                           | disabled )
                           Possible values:
                           - not-supported         : ignore and don't send the 
configuration to ONT
                           - enabled               : enable the LPT mode on 
this port
                           - disabled              : disable the LPT mode on 
this port

[no] admin-state           administrative status of the interface
                           optional parameter with default value: "down"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::ItfAdminStatus>
                           Format:
                           ( up
                           | down )
                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : set the admin-state to up
                           - down                  : set the admin-state to down


Table "ONT Ethernet Port Configuration Command" Display Parameters

Specific Information:

Parameter                  Description

 oper-state                the operational state of the interface
                           This element is always shown.

                           parameter type: <Itf::ifOperStatus>
                           ( up
                           | down
                           | testing
                           | unknown
                           | dormant
                           | no-value )

                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : up,traffic can pass
                           - down                  : down,no traffic is passing
                           - testing               : testing,no traffic is 
passing
                           - unknown               : unknown
                           - dormant               : dormant,no traffic is 
passing
                           - no-value              : no entry in the table

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#