help configure qos
QOS CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=========================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to specify global QoS parameters.

The ATM overhead factor is used to calculate ATM bandwidth required by streams 
for which bandwidth parameters are specified as Ethernet bandwidth. The ATM 
overhead factor specifies in terms of percentage what part of a given raw ATM 
bit rate will be available for Ethernet frames. The default value is 85%, which 
means a typical overhead of 15% for ATM/AAL5. QoS management will use this 
value to deduct the available Ethernet rate on ATM-based DSL interfaces.

The Eth EFM overhead factor is used to calculate EFM bandwidth required by 
streams for which bandwidth parameters are specified as Ethernet bandwidth. The 
Eth EFM overhead factor specifies in terms of percentage what part of a given 
raw EFM bit rate will be available for Ethernet frames. The default value is 
97%, which means a typical overhead of 3% for EFM Encapsulation.

The enable alignment is used to enable or disable the DSCP to P-bits alignment 
for all the L3 forwarded traffic.

The Global CAC-mode selection switch determines whether Connection Admission 
Control relies on the guaranteed sync rate or the actual line rate of the 
physical interface.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos [ no atm-overhead-fact | atm-overhead-fact <Qos::AtmFactor> ] [ 
no eth-efm-fact | eth-efm-fact <Qos::EthEfmFactor> ] [ [ no ] enable-alignment 
] [ no cac-mode | cac-mode <Qos::CacMode> ] [ [ no ] use-dei ] [ [ no ] set-dei 
]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] atm-overhead-fact     over head factor introduced by atm layer
                           optional parameter with default value: 85

                           Parameter type: <Qos::AtmFactor>
                           Format:
                           - over head factor introduced by atm layer
                           - unit: %
                           - range: [1...100]

[no] eth-efm-fact          value to estimate bandwidth overhead inserted by efm 
layer
                           optional parameter with default value: 97

                           Parameter type: <Qos::EthEfmFactor>
                           Format:
                           - value to estimate bandwidth overhead inserted by 
efm layer
                           - unit: %
                           - range: [1...100]

[no] enable-alignment      DSCP to P-bit alignment for all forwarded L3 traffic
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] cac-mode              This object stores an global CAC mode selection 
switch
                           optional parameter with default value: "msr"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::CacMode>
                           Format:
                           ( nocac
                           | msr
                           | alr )
                           Possible values:
                           - nocac                 : no cac in system
                           - msr                   : base on minimum 
synchronized rate
                           - alr                   : base on actual line rate

[no] use-dei               Enable global control of DEI aware
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] set-dei               Enable global control of DEI remark
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#