help configure qos profiles policy-action
QOS POLICY ACTION PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===============================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a QoS policy action profile. A 
QoS policy action contains: discard packet, set a DSCP value, set a Dot1P 
value, policing with a policer, policer sharing,count attribute.

Dot1P and DSCP values are set to frames matched by the filter associated with 
this policy action.

The forwarding action for the frames matched by the filter can be discard or 
pass. The default forwarding action is pass. When the forwarding action is 
discard, the other policy actions in this entry will not be checked; the frame 
will be discarded immediately.

Policy sharing causes multiple QoS subflow with the same policy action profile 
to share their policer instance, in case they are set up within the same 
session profile in the same direction.

Count configures whether the traffic classified by filter needs to be counted. 
Count means enable to count the traffic classified by filter, no count means 
disable to count the traffic classified by the filter. Default value is no 
count.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no policy-action (name) ) | ( policy-action (name) [ 
no dscp-value | dscp-value <Qos::SetDscpValue> ] [ no dot1p-value | dot1p-value 
<Qos::SetDot1pValue> ] [ [ no ] discard-packet ] [ [ no ] shared-policer ] [ no 
policer-profile | policer-profile <Qos::QosPolicerProfileName> ] [ [ no ] count 
] [ no mirror-vlan | mirror-vlan <Qos::PolicyActionMirrorVlan> ] [ no tc-value 
| tc-value <Qos::tcvalue> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Policy Action Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Policy Action Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] dscp-value            dscp value set in a matched packet, -1 means no 
change
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SetDscpValue>
                           Format:
                           - dscp value set in a matched packet, -1 means no 
change
                           - range: [-1...63]

[no] dot1p-value           dot1p value set in a matched packet, -1 means no 
change
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::SetDot1pValue>
                           Format:
                           - dot1p value set in a matched packet, -1 means no 
change
                           - range: [-1...7]

[no] discard-packet        discard the packet matching the policy
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] shared-policer        enable the sharing policer instances among subflows
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] policer-profile       policer used to the packet matching the policy
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPolicerProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] count                 enable to count traffic classified by filter
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] mirror-vlan           vlan id for mirror, 0 means no mirror
                           optional parameter with default value: 0L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PolicyActionMirrorVlan>
                           Format:
                           - vlan id for mirror, 0 means no mirror
                           - range: [0...4093]

[no] tc-value              tc value to map the queue for matched packet, -1 
means no change
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::tcvalue>
                           Format:
                           - traffic class value range
                           - range: [-1...7]


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#