help configure alarm custom-profile
CUSTOMIZABLE ALARM PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
================================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure the external alarm profile. The 
profile is made to be assigned to a remote LT board. The profile reflects a 
configuration of external alarms parameters that corresponds to a certain 
environment where the remote board is located (in an outdoor cabinet, basement 
cabinet, ...). The use of a profile avoids the need to specify the parameters 
for each remote board separately. The alarm profile groups all five external 
alarms parameters. The profile contains a description/meaning of each alarm, as 
well as an indication that tells us whether or not any alarm outputs are to be 
triggered if the corresponding external input alarm is raised. On top of these 
parameters, a mnemonic (short for the description), the polarity and the 
severity are configurable. Note: The Severity parameters of custom alarm 
profile i.e (severity1,severity2,severity3,severity4,severity5) are supported 
for only FD-REM not other shelfs.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with alarm privileges, and executed by 
operators with alarm privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure alarm ( no custom-profile (name) ) | ( custom-profile (name) [ no 
mnemonic1 | mnemonic1 <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic> ] [ no description1 | description1 
<Alarm::AlarmDescription> ] [ no visible1 | visible1 <Alarm::VisibleOutput> ] [ 
no audible1 | audible1 <Alarm::AudibleOutput> ] [ no polarity1 | polarity1 
<Alarm::InversePolarity> ] [ no severity1 | severity1 <Alarm::AlarmSeverity> ] 
[ no mnemonic2 | mnemonic2 <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic> ] [ no description2 | 
description2 <Alarm::AlarmDescription> ] [ no visible2 | visible2 
<Alarm::VisibleOutput> ] [ no audible2 | audible2 <Alarm::AudibleOutput> ] [ no 
polarity2 | polarity2 <Alarm::InversePolarity> ] [ no severity2 | severity2 
<Alarm::AlarmSeverity> ] [ no mnemonic3 | mnemonic3 <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic> ] [ 
no description3 | description3 <Alarm::AlarmDescription> ] [ no visible3 | 
visible3 <Alarm::VisibleOutput> ] [ no audible3 | audible3 
<Alarm::AudibleOutput> ] [ no polarity3 | polarity3 <Alarm::InversePolarity> ] 
[ no severity3 | severity3 <Alarm::AlarmSeverity> ] [ no mnemonic4 | mnemonic4 
<Alarm::AlarmMnemonic> ] [ no description4 | description4 
<Alarm::AlarmDescription> ] [ no visible4 | visible4 <Alarm::VisibleOutput> ] [ 
no audible4 | audible4 <Alarm::AudibleOutput> ] [ no polarity4 | polarity4 
<Alarm::InversePolarity> ] [ no severity4 | severity4 <Alarm::AlarmSeverity> ] 
[ no mnemonic5 | mnemonic5 <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic> ] [ no description5 | 
description5 <Alarm::AlarmDescription> ] [ no visible5 | visible5 
<Alarm::VisibleOutput> ] [ no audible5 | audible5 <Alarm::AudibleOutput> ] [ no 
polarity5 | polarity5 <Alarm::InversePolarity> ] [ no severity5 | severity5 
<Alarm::AlarmSeverity> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "Customizable Alarm Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     custom profile name

Table "Customizable Alarm Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] mnemonic1             mnemonic identifying the customizable external alarm 
1
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNDEF"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining mnemonic of external alarm
                           - range: [A-Z]
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] description1          description of the customizable external alarm 1
                           optional parameter with default value: "Undefined"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmDescription>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining description of external 
alarm
                           - length: x<=40 

[no] visible1              trigger a visible alarm for external alarm 1
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::VisibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
visible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-visible

[no] audible1              trigger a audible alarm for external alarm 1
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AudibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
audible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-audible

[no] polarity1             alarm polarity is normal or inverse for external 
alarm 1
                           optional parameter with default value: "normal"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::InversePolarity>
                           Format:
                           ( normal
                           | inverse )
                           Possible values:
                           - normal                : alarm polarity is normal
                           - inverse               : alarm polarity is inverse

[no] severity1             severity level of external alarm 1
                           optional parameter with default value: "major"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmSeverity>
                           Format:
                           ( indeterminate
                           | warning
                           | minor
                           | major
                           | critical )
                           Possible values:
                           - indeterminate         : alarm severity is 
indeterminate
                           - warning               : alarm severity is warning
                           - minor                 : alarm severity is minor
                           - major                 : alarm severity is major
                           - critical              : alarm severity is critical

[no] mnemonic2             mnemonic identifying the customizable external alarm 
2
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNDEF"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining mnemonic of external alarm
                           - range: [A-Z]
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] description2          description of the customizable external alarm 2
                           optional parameter with default value: "Undefined"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmDescription>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining description of external 
alarm
                           - length: x<=40 

[no] visible2              trigger a visible alarm for external alarm 2
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::VisibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
visible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-visible

[no] audible2              trigger a audible alarm for external alarm 2
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AudibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
audible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-audible

[no] polarity2             alarm polarity is normal or inverse for external 
alarm 2
                           optional parameter with default value: "normal"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::InversePolarity>
                           Format:
                           ( normal
                           | inverse )
                           Possible values:
                           - normal                : alarm polarity is normal
                           - inverse               : alarm polarity is inverse

[no] severity2             severity level of external alarm 2
                           optional parameter with default value: "major"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmSeverity>
                           Format:
                           ( indeterminate
                           | warning
                           | minor
                           | major
                           | critical )
                           Possible values:
                           - indeterminate         : alarm severity is 
indeterminate
                           - warning               : alarm severity is warning
                           - minor                 : alarm severity is minor
                           - major                 : alarm severity is major
                           - critical              : alarm severity is critical

[no] mnemonic3             mnemonic identifying the customizable external alarm 
3
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNDEF"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining mnemonic of external alarm
                           - range: [A-Z]
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] description3          description of the customizable external alarm 3
                           optional parameter with default value: "Undefined"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmDescription>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining description of external 
alarm
                           - length: x<=40 

[no] visible3              trigger a visible alarm for external alarm 3
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::VisibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
visible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-visible

[no] audible3              trigger a audible alarm for external alarm 3
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AudibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
audible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-audible

[no] polarity3             alarm polarity is normal or inverse for external 
alarm 3
                           optional parameter with default value: "normal"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::InversePolarity>
                           Format:
                           ( normal
                           | inverse )
                           Possible values:
                           - normal                : alarm polarity is normal
                           - inverse               : alarm polarity is inverse

[no] severity3             severity level of external alarm 3
                           optional parameter with default value: "major"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmSeverity>
                           Format:
                           ( indeterminate
                           | warning
                           | minor
                           | major
                           | critical )
                           Possible values:
                           - indeterminate         : alarm severity is 
indeterminate
                           - warning               : alarm severity is warning
                           - minor                 : alarm severity is minor
                           - major                 : alarm severity is major
                           - critical              : alarm severity is critical

[no] mnemonic4             mnemonic identifying the customizable external alarm 
4
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNDEF"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining mnemonic of external alarm
                           - range: [A-Z]
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] description4          description of the customizable external alarm 4
                           optional parameter with default value: "Undefined"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmDescription>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining description of external 
alarm
                           - length: x<=40 

[no] visible4              trigger a visible alarm for external alarm 4
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::VisibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
visible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-visible

[no] audible4              trigger a audible alarm for external alarm 4
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AudibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
audible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-audible

[no] polarity4             alarm polarity is normal or inverse for external 
alarm 4
                           optional parameter with default value: "normal"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::InversePolarity>
                           Format:
                           ( normal
                           | inverse )
                           Possible values:
                           - normal                : alarm polarity is normal
                           - inverse               : alarm polarity is inverse

[no] severity4             severity level of external alarm 4
                           optional parameter with default value: "major"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmSeverity>
                           Format:
                           ( indeterminate
                           | warning
                           | minor
                           | major
                           | critical )
                           Possible values:
                           - indeterminate         : alarm severity is 
indeterminate
                           - warning               : alarm severity is warning
                           - minor                 : alarm severity is minor
                           - major                 : alarm severity is major
                           - critical              : alarm severity is critical

[no] mnemonic5             mnemonic identifying the customizable external alarm 
5
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNDEF"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmMnemonic>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining mnemonic of external alarm
                           - range: [A-Z]
                           - length: x<=16 

[no] description5          description of the customizable external alarm 5
                           optional parameter with default value: "Undefined"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmDescription>
                           Format:
                           - an octet string defining description of external 
alarm
                           - length: x<=40 

[no] visible5              trigger a visible alarm for external alarm 5
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::VisibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
visible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-visible

[no] audible5              trigger a audible alarm for external alarm 5
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AudibleOutput>
                           Format:
                           ( enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - enable                : external alarm output is 
audible
                           - disable               : external alarm output is 
non-audible

[no] polarity5             alarm polarity is normal or inverse for external 
alarm 5
                           optional parameter with default value: "normal"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::InversePolarity>
                           Format:
                           ( normal
                           | inverse )
                           Possible values:
                           - normal                : alarm polarity is normal
                           - inverse               : alarm polarity is inverse

[no] severity5             severity level of external alarm 5
                           optional parameter with default value: "major"

                           Parameter type: <Alarm::AlarmSeverity>
                           Format:
                           ( indeterminate
                           | warning
                           | minor
                           | major
                           | critical )
                           Possible values:
                           - indeterminate         : alarm severity is 
indeterminate
                           - warning               : alarm severity is warning
                           - minor                 : alarm severity is minor
                           - major                 : alarm severity is major
                           - critical              : alarm severity is critical


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser># 

25/10/25 18:52:37 major alarm occurred for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, 6 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser># 

25/10/25 18:52:37 major alarm occurred for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, TimeStamp : 25/10/25 18:52:29 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI
25/10/25 18:52:37 major alarm cleared for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, TimeStamp : 25/10/25 16:23:57 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#