help configure equipment ont sw-ctrl
ONT SOFTWARE CONTROL CONFIGURATION COMMAND
==========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command creates an association between an ONT hardware version/variant and 
an ONT software version (download and planned).

hw-version - has the same meaning as the eqpt-ver-num parameter supported by 
'show equipment ont interface' command. Special character * (asterisk) may be 
provided in the string which means that the * character (and all subsequent 
character positions) are considered to be automatic 'matches' for values in 
same character positions of eqpt-ver-num parameter.

ont-variant - has the same meaning as the plnd-var in 'configure equipment ont 
interface' command

Note: Combination of hw-version and ont-variant must be unique.

plnd-sw-version - has the same meaning as the 'auto-sw-plnd-ver parameter 
supported by 'show equipment ont interface' command.

sw-dwload-ver - has the same meaning as the 'auto-sw-dld-ver parameter 
supported by 'show equipment ont interface' command.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with equipment privileges, and 
executed by operators with equipment privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure equipment ont ( no sw-ctrl (sw-ctrl-id) ) | ( sw-ctrl (sw-ctrl-id) 
hw-version <Gpon::SwVer> [ no ont-variant | ont-variant <Gpon::PlndVar> ] [ no 
plnd-sw-version | plnd-sw-version <Gpon::SwVer> ] [ no plnd-sw-ver-conf | 
plnd-sw-ver-conf <Gpon::SwVer> ] [ no sw-dwload-ver | sw-dwload-ver 
<Gpon::SwVer> ] [ no pland-cfgfile1 | pland-cfgfile1 <Gpon::CfgFile> ] [ no 
pland-cfgfile2 | pland-cfgfile2 <Gpon::CfgFile> ] [ no dnload-cfgfile1 | 
dnload-cfgfile1 <Gpon::CfgFile> ] [ no dnload-cfgfile2 | dnload-cfgfile2 
<Gpon::CfgFile> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "ONT Software Control Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(sw-ctrl-id)               software control id

Table "ONT Software Control Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

hw-version                 ONT hardware version
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVer>
                           Format:
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] ont-variant           planned variant of the ONT hardware version.Use DO 
for Data-only ONTs,SIP for SIP ONTs,H.248 for MEGACO ONTs
                           optional parameter with default value: ""

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PlndVar>
                           Format:
                           - planned variant of the ONT hardware version
                           - length: x<=80 

[no] plnd-sw-version       planned ONT software version number. If 
sw-dwload-ver is set to disabled, plnd-sw-version cannot be set to 
delayactivate.
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNPLANNED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVer>
                           Format:
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] plnd-sw-ver-conf      software planned version confirmation
                           optional parameter with default value: "UNPLANNED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVer>
                           Format:
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] sw-dwload-ver         software download version. If plnd-sw-version is set 
to delayactivate, sw-dwload-ver cannot be set to disabled.
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVer>
                           Format:
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] pland-cfgfile1        indicate the cfgfile1 version to be planned
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFile>
                           Format:
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] pland-cfgfile2        indicate the cfgfile2 version to be planned
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFile>
                           Format:
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] dnload-cfgfile1       indicate the cfgfile1 version to be downloaded
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFile>
                           Format:
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] dnload-cfgfile2       indicate the cfgfile2 version to be planned
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFile>
                           Format:
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#