help configure mcast-control channel
MCAST CHANNEL CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to create and configure the mcast channel 
parameters.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with igmp privileges, and executed by 
operators with igmp privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure mcast-control ( no channel (port) ) | ( channel (port) [ no 
perm-pkg-bitmap | perm-pkg-bitmap <Igmp::PermPkgBitMap> ] [ no max-num-group | 
max-num-group <Igmp::ChannelMaxNumGroup> ] [ no mode | mode 
<Igmp::ChannelProtocolMode> ] [ (cac-disable) ] [ (ip-anti-spoof-dis) ] [ no 
igmp-version | igmp-version <Igmp::UserItfVersion> ] [ no mld-version | 
mld-version <Igmp::MldUserItfVersion> ] [ no forking | forking 
<Igmp::ForkingStatus> ] [ no lt-ont-signaling | lt-ont-signaling 
<Igmp::ChannelLtOntSignaling> ] [ no mc-pbit-value | mc-pbit-value 
<Igmp::McPbitValue> ] [ no mcast-vlan-id | mcast-vlan-id 
<Igmp::ProtocolMcastVlan> ] [ no mc-vlan-xlate | mc-vlan-xlate 
<Igmp::mcVlanXlateAdmin> ] [ no mcast-svc-context | mcast-svc-context 
<Igmp::McastSvcCtxtName> ] [ no max-msg-rate | max-msg-rate 
<Igmp::ChannelMaxMsgRate> ] [ no ip-version | ip-version <Igmp::ip-version> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "mcast Channel Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(port)                     identification of the port, vlanport or virtual 
channel

Table "mcast Channel Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] perm-pkg-bitmap       packages, the user is allowed to join
                           optional parameter with default value: "01 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00 : 00"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::PermPkgBitMap>
                           Format:
                           - a binary string
                           - length: 128 

[no] max-num-group         Max group number this port can support.The value 
depends on the board type and port type,please refer to the product information 
document for detail.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ChannelMaxNumGroup>
                           Format:
                           - Max group number this port can support.The value 
depends on the board type and port type,please refer to the product information 
document for detail.
                           - range: [0...2048]

[no] mode                  protocol mode (ipoe or pppoe)
                           optional parameter with default value: "ipoe"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ChannelProtocolMode>
                           Format:
                           ( ipoe
                           | pppoe )
                           Possible values:
                           - ipoe                  : IPoE mode
                           - pppoe                 : PPPoE mode

(cac-disable)               bandwidth CAC for pre-configured multicast streams
                           obsolete parameter that will be ignored

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::BwCacProcessing>
                           Format:
                           ( cac-disable
                           | cac )
                           Possible values:
                           - cac-disable           : disables bandwidth CAC for 
conf. streams,default=enable
                           - cac                   : enables bandwidth CAC for 
conf. streams,default=enable

(ip-anti-spoof-dis)        enables IP@ anti-spoofing on this user-interface
                           obsolete parameter that will be ignored

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::IPAddrAntiSpoofingEnabled>
                           Format:
                           ( ip-anti-spoof-dis
                           | ip-anti-spoof )
                           Possible values:
                           - ip-anti-spoof-dis     : disables IP@ 
anti-spoofing,default=enable
                           - ip-anti-spoof         : enables IP@ 
anti-spoofing,default=enable

[no] igmp-version          version of the IGMP protocol
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"system-inherited"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::UserItfVersion>
                           Format:
                           ( system-inherited
                           | 2
                           | 3 )
                           Possible values:
                           - system-inherited      : inherits GMQs to 
userversion from the system level
                           - 2                     : IGMPV2 GMQs
                           - 3                     : IGMPV3 GMQs

[no] mld-version           version of the MLD protocol
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"system-inherited"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::MldUserItfVersion>
                           Format:
                           ( system-inherited
                           | 1
                           | 2 )
                           Possible values:
                           - system-inherited      : inherits GMQs to 
userversion from the system level
                           - 1                     : MLDV1 GMQs
                           - 2                     : MLDV2 GMQs

[no] forking               forking status of the IGMP protocol
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"system-inherited"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ForkingStatus>
                           Format:
                           ( system-inherited
                           | enable
                           | disable )
                           Possible values:
                           - system-inherited      : inherits forking status 
from the system level
                           - enable                : enable IGMP forking
                           - disable               : disable IGMP forking

[no] lt-ont-signaling      lt to ont signaling parameter
                           optional parameter with default value: "inherited"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ChannelLtOntSignaling>
                           Format:
                           ( enabled
                           | disabled
                           | inherited )
                           Possible values:
                           - enabled               : lt to ont signaling is 
enabled
                           - disabled              : lt to ont signaling is 
disabled
                           - inherited             : inherits lt to ont 
signaling from the system level

[no] mc-pbit-value         default P-bit value to be used by the ONT on the 
UNI-side for downstream multicast traffic towards subscribers
                           optional parameter with default value: 8

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::McPbitValue>
                           Format:
                           - default P-bit value to be used by the ONT on the 
UNI-side for downstream multicast traffic towards subscribers
                           - range: [0...8]

[no] mcast-vlan-id         vlan selection for multicast channel
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ProtocolMcastVlan>
                           Format:
                           - vlan selection value
                           - range: [0...4093]

[no] mc-vlan-xlate         to enable or disable mcast vlan translation
                           optional parameter with default value: "disabled"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::mcVlanXlateAdmin>
                           Format:
                           ( enabled
                           | disabled )
                           Possible values:
                           - enabled               : allow mcast vlan 
translation
                           - disabled              : disallow mcast vlan 
translation

[no] mcast-svc-context     Multicast Service Context Name
                           optional parameter with default value: "default"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::McastSvcCtxtName>
                           Format:
                           ( name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName>
                           | default )
                           Possible values:
                           - default               : Default profile is 
associated
                           - name                  : Name of the multicast 
service context profile
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] max-msg-rate          Default value 0 indicates that the value is 
inherited from what is set in the system wide setting using command - configure 
qos dsl-ctrl-pkt-policer sustained-rate [1...64]  burst-size [1...128]
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ChannelMaxMsgRate>
                           Format:
                           - Maximum number of Upstream IGMP messages that can 
be received on this IGMP channel
                           - unit: messages/second
                           - range: [0...256]

[no] ip-version            the protocol the user want to use, IGMP(ipv4) or 
MLD(ipv6).
                           optional parameter with default value: "ipv4"

                           Parameter type: <Igmp::ip-version>
                           Format:
                           ( ipv4
                           | ipv6 )
                           Possible values:
                           - ipv4                  : support IGMP
                           - ipv6                  : support MLD


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#