help configure equipment slot
SLOT CONFIGURATION COMMAND
==========================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure a slot.

The slot is identified by the physical slot number. The left-most slot in the 
shelf is number 1. The following parameters can be configured for the slot:
  - planned-type: the unit type that will be inserted into the slot. The 
not-planned parameter indicates that a unit will not be inserted into that slot.
  - power-down: the operator can power-up or power-down slots. This is only 
applicable to LSM.
  - unlock: the operator can lock or unlock a unit. A unit in the locked state 
cannot be used. This attribute is only supported for the NT (the system will 
refuse to lock the NT of a simplex system), EXT, and a managed LSM. This 
attribute is not applicable to sealed remote products (7367 SX).
  - alarm-profile: the operator can assign a customizable alarm profile to a NT 
or LSM board. This is applicable for all NTs and LSMs.
  - capab-profile:This parameter only applies to LSMs,NTIOs and mini-NT 
NRNT-A.For BCM based LSM boards default capab-profile is "default" for Intel 
based LSM boards it is "8vc_default".
  - disable-key: This Paramer should contain string between 8 and 16 
characters; must contain at least one lowercase letter, one uppercase letter, 
one numeric digit, and one special character, but cannot contain whitespace.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with equipment privileges, and 
executed by operators with equipment privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure equipment slot (index) [ no planned-type | planned-type 
<Equipm::BoardType> ] [ [ no ] power-down ] [ [ no ] unlock ] [ no 
alarm-profile | alarm-profile <Equipm::AlarmProf> ] [ no capab-profile | 
capab-profile <Equipm::CapabilityProfile> ] [ no board-40gkr4 | board-40gkr4 
<Equipm::board40GKR4> ] [ no operational-mode | operational-mode 
<Equipm::OperationalMode> ] [ no dual-host-ip | dual-host-ip <Ip::V4Address> ] 
[ no dual-host-loc | dual-host-loc <Equipm::Dualhost> ] 

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "Slot Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(index)                    the physical number of the slot

Table "Slot Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] planned-type          type of board intended to be in this position
                           optional parameter with default value: "not-planned"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::BoardType>
                           Format:
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] power-down            power down the board
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] unlock                unlock the board
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] alarm-profile         customized alarm profile assigned to this board
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::AlarmProf>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <PrintableString-0-32> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : profile name
                           Field type <PrintableString-0-32>
                           - a printable string
                           - length: x<=32 

[no] capab-profile         capability profile assigned to a line board
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"not_applicable"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::CapabilityProfile>
                           Format:
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] board-40gkr4          inherited, disable or enable board 40GKR4
                           optional parameter with default value: "inherited"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::board40GKR4>
                           Format:
                           ( inherited
                           | disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - inherited             : enable or disable 40G KR4 
of the board is controlled by system level parameter
                           - disable               : the board should not work 
in 40GKR4 no matter the value of system level
                           - enable                : the board should work in 
40GKR4 no matter the value of system level

[no] operational-mode      operation mode of the cage
                           optional parameter with default value: "not-set"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::OperationalMode>
                           Format:
                           ( not-set
                           | gpon
                           | xgs
                           | mpm-gpon-xgs
                           | dual-gpon
                           | u-ngpon
                           | twenty-five-g
                           | ng-pon2
                           | mpm-gpon-xgpon )
                           Possible values:
                           - not-set               :  cage mode not-set
                           - gpon                  :  cage mode set to gpon
                           - xgs                   :  cage mode set to xgs
                           - mpm-gpon-xgs          :  cage mode set to 
mpm-gpon-xgs
                           - dual-gpon             :  cage mode set to dual-gpon
                           - u-ngpon               :  cage mode set to u-ngpon
                           - twenty-five-g         :  cage mode set to 25g
                           - ng-pon2               :  cage mode set to ng-pon2
                           - mpm-gpon-xgpon        :  cage mode set to 
mpm-gpon-xgpon

[no] dual-host-ip          dual host ip
                           optional parameter with default value: "0.0.0.0"

                           Parameter type: <Ip::V4Address>
                           Format:
                           - IPv4-address

[no] dual-host-loc         dual host lsm location
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Equipm::Dualhost>
                           Format:
                           (   <Eqpt::MultiRackId> / <Eqpt::MultiShelfId>
                           | none )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no host lsm location
                           Field type <Eqpt::MultiRackId>
                           - the rack number
                           Field type <Eqpt::MultiShelfId>
                           - the shelf number


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser># 

25/10/25 19:12:46 major alarm occurred for ip-addr 192.168.222.11  : Successful Management login, TimeStamp : 25/10/25 19:12:44 , Username : automationuser , Type : CLI

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#