help configure l2cp session
L2CP SESSION CONFIGURATION COMMAND
==================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure the L2CP session parameters for a 
given session id.

In current version, ISAM supports L2CP only on top of TCP/IP; as result of this 
command, ISAM shall start a TCP connection to a BRAS identified by a configured 
IP address. Then depending on the setting of the GSMP Retry Timer, the ISAM 
shall start the GSMP Adjacency Protocol to setup a L2CP session with that BRAS.

This means:
  - if TCP Retry Timer is zero, ISAM shall not start the TCP connection. If TCP 
Retry Timer is not zero, ISAM shall start the setup of a TCP connection to a 
BRAS whose IP address must be configured too. In no way the ISAM accepts that a 
(unknown) BRAS tries to start a TCP connection
  - if GSMP Retry Timer is zero, ISAM shall not start the GSMP Adjacency 
Protocol but instead be prepared to handle GSMP Adjacency Protocol messages 
from that BRAS. If GSMP Retry Timer is not zero, ISAM shall start the GSMP 
Adjacency Protocol in addition to being prepared to handle GSMP Adjacency 
Protocol messages from that BRAS


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with transport privileges, and 
executed by operators with transport privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure l2cp ( no session (index) ) | ( session (index) bras-ip-address 
<L2cp::InetAddress> [ no gsmp-version | gsmp-version <L2cp::Version> ] [ no 
gsmp-sub-version | gsmp-sub-version <L2cp::SubVersion> ] [ no encap-type | 
encap-type <L2cp::EncapType> ] [ no topo-discovery | topo-discovery 
<L2cp::AccessTopologyDiscovery> ] [ no layer2-oam | layer2-oam 
<L2cp::Layer2OAM> ] [ no alive-timer | alive-timer <L2cp::AliveTimer> ] [ no 
port-reprt-shaper | port-reprt-shaper <L2cp::ReportShaper> ] [ no 
aggr-reprt-shaper | aggr-reprt-shaper <L2cp::AggrReportShaper> ] [ no 
tcp-retry-time | tcp-retry-time <L2cp::TcpRetryTimer> ] [ no gsmp-retry-time | 
gsmp-retry-time <L2cp::GsmpRetryTimer> ] [ no dslam-name | dslam-name 
<L2cp::DslamName> ] [ no partition-id | partition-id <L2cp::PartitionId2> ] [ 
no window-size | window-size <L2cp::WindowSize> ] [ no tcp-port | tcp-port 
<L2cp::InetPortNumber> ] [ no router-instance | router-instance 
<Ihub::RouterVplsMgnt> ] [ [ no ] sig-partition-id ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "L2CP Session Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(index)                    index to the l2cp session table

Table "L2CP Session Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

bras-ip-address            IPv4 address used for the L2cp session peer
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::InetAddress>
                           Format:
                           - IPv4-address

[no] gsmp-version          version of gsmp protocol
                           optional parameter with default value: 3

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::Version>
                           Format:
                           - version of the GSMP protocol
                           - range: [3]

[no] gsmp-sub-version      sub version of gsmp protocol
                           optional parameter with default value: 1

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::SubVersion>
                           Format:
                           - sub version of the GSMP protocol
                           - range: [1...2]

[no] encap-type            encapsulation type
                           optional parameter with default value: "tcp"

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::EncapType>
                           Format:
                           tcp
                           Possible values:
                           - tcp                   : tcp encapsulation type

[no] topo-discovery        topology discovery capability
                           optional parameter with default value: "enabled"

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::AccessTopologyDiscovery>
                           Format:
                           ( disabled
                           | enabled )
                           Possible values:
                           - disabled              : no topology discovery
                           - enabled               : topology discovery

[no] layer2-oam            layer2 OAM is supported
                           optional parameter with default value: "enabled"

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::Layer2OAM>
                           Format:
                           ( disabled
                           | enabled )
                           Possible values:
                           - disabled              : no layer2 oam
                           - enabled               : layer2 oam

[no] alive-timer           adjacency protocol watchdog alive time.
                           optional parameter with default value: 250

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::AliveTimer>
                           Format:
                           - adjacency protocol watchdog alive time
                           - unit: 100 msec
                           - range: [1...255]

[no] port-reprt-shaper     time between 2 EventReport msgs on the same port, 
should be >= aggr-reprt-shaper
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::ReportShaper>
                           Format:
                           - time between two EventReport msgs related to same 
port, should be >= aggr-reprt-shaper
                           - unit: 100 msec
                           - range: [1...255]

[no] aggr-reprt-shaper     time between 2 EventReport msgs on any port
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::AggrReportShaper>
                           Format:
                           - time between two EventReport msgs related to any 
port
                           - unit: 10 msec
                           - range: [1...2550]

[no] tcp-retry-time        time between 2 TCP connection setup attempts
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::TcpRetryTimer>
                           Format:
                           - time between 2 TCP connection setup attempts.
                           - unit: 100 msec
                           - range: [0...255]

[no] gsmp-retry-time       time between 2 GSMP/L2CP connection setup attempts
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::GsmpRetryTimer>
                           Format:
                           - time between 2 GSMP/L2CP connection setup attempts.
                           - unit: 100 msec
                           - range: [0...255]

[no] dslam-name            l2cp name of the DSLAM
                           optional parameter with default value: "00 : 00 : 00 
: 00 : 00 : 00"

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::DslamName>
                           Format:
                           - a mac-address (example : 01:02:03:04:05:06)
                           - length: 6 

[no] partition-id          identity for this session's specific DSLAM partition
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::PartitionId2>
                           Format:
                           - partition id
                           - range: [0...127]

[no] window-size           max no.of unacknow req msgs to be transmitted in a 
window
                           optional parameter with default value: 10

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::WindowSize>
                           Format:
                           - max no.of unacknow req msgs to be transmtted in a 
window
                           - range: [10]

[no] tcp-port              tcp port number of the session established to the 
peer.
                           optional parameter with default value: 6068

                           Parameter type: <L2cp::InetPortNumber>
                           Format:
                           - tcp port number
                           - range: [0...65535]

[no] router-instance       router-instance to be used to obtain connectivity to 
the peer.
                           optional parameter with default value: "base"

                           Parameter type: <Ihub::RouterVplsMgnt>
                           Format:
                           ( base
                           | vpls-management
                           | <Ihub::L2cpRouter> )
                           Possible values:
                           - base                  : base router
                           - vpls-management       : vpls-management router
                           Field type <Ihub::L2cpRouter>
                           - vprn service-id
                           - range: [1...2147483646]

[no] sig-partition-id      indicates if partition ID is signalled
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#