help configure qos global
QOS BOARD-LEVEL QUEUE AND PERFORMANCE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===========================================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure various parameters related to 
board-level traffic load and packet loss.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos global (index) [ no buffer-occ-thresh | buffer-occ-thresh 
<Qos::PercentThresh> ] [ [ no ] queue-stats ] [ [ no ] dsload-tca ] [ no 
dsload-thresh | dsload-thresh <Qos::PercentThresh> ] [ [ no ] buffer-tca ] [ no 
up-buf-thresh | up-buf-thresh <Qos::UpAggrBufOvflwTcaTh> ] [ no up-obc-thresh | 
up-obc-thresh <Qos::UpObcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh> ] [ no dn-obc-thresh | 
dn-obc-thresh <Qos::DnObcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh> ] [ no dn-buf-thresh | 
dn-buf-thresh <Qos::DnUcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh> ] [ no part-buf-thresh | 
part-buf-thresh <Qos::PartBufThresh> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Board-Level Queue and Performance Configuration Command" Resource 
Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(index)                    the physical number of the slot

Table "QoS Board-Level Queue and Performance Configuration Command" Command 
Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] buffer-occ-thresh     the ratio of occupied data buffer entries to the LT 
global data buffer size, above which the partial buffer threshold alarm will be 
triggered.(only applicable to low priority traffic i.e. BE and CL)
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PercentThresh>
                           Format:
                           - Percentage of the QoS Thresh
                           - range: [0...100]

[no] queue-stats           enable or disable generation of queue statistics
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] dsload-tca            enable or disable the threshold crossing alarm 
associated to card-level load of downstream traffic
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] dsload-thresh         Percentage of LT fan-out load above which the alarm 
will be triggered.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PercentThresh>
                           Format:
                           - Percentage of the QoS Thresh
                           - range: [0...100]

[no] buffer-tca            enable the threshold crossover alarm of aggregation 
buffer overflow
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: boolean
                           

[no] up-buf-thresh         the threshold of upstream aggregation buffer 
overflow TCA.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::UpAggrBufOvflwTcaTh>
                           Format:
                           - Qos thresh
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] up-obc-thresh         The threshold of OBC-directed upstream aggregation 
buffer overflow TCA.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::UpObcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh>
                           Format:
                           - Qos thresh
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] dn-obc-thresh         The threshold of downstream OBC-directed aggregation 
buffer overflow TCA.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::DnObcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh>
                           Format:
                           - Qos thresh
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] dn-buf-thresh         The threshold of downstream data aggregation buffer 
overflow TCA.
                           optional parameter with default value: 0

                           Parameter type: <Qos::DnUcAggrBufOvflwTcaTh>
                           Format:
                           - Qos thresh
                           - range: [0...2147483647]

[no] part-buf-thresh       The threshold of dropped lower class packets of 
global buffer occupancy threshold overflow TCA.
                           optional parameter with default value: "0"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::PartBufThresh>
                           Format:
                           - threshold of dropped lower class packets of global 
buffer. range: [0...18446744073709551615]


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#