help configure qos profiles session
QOS SESSION PROFILE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=========================================

Command Description
-------------------

This commmand allows the operator to configure the QoS session profile. The QoS 
session profile is the main building block for conveying user traffic 
contractual rights and treatment. The QoS session profile is a "macro"-profile, 
which consists of individual settings as well as references to smaller profiles.

A QoS session profile is composed of
  - a logical flow type,
  - a marker profile,
  - two policer profiles for up and downstream policing,
  - two lists for upstream and downstream policy conditions and actions.
  - tag selection for downstream scheduler.

The logical flow type is a legacy parameter which is ignored. Any value is 
interpreted as "Generic", that is, the QoS session profile can be attached to 
any interface. If the QoS session profile contains settings that are not 
supported on the interface, then these are silently ignored by the system.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with qos privileges, and executed by 
operators with qos privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure qos profiles ( no session (name) ) | ( session (name) 
logical-flow-type <Qos::LogicalFlowType> [ no up-policer | up-policer 
<Qos::QosPolicerProfileName> ] [ no down-policer | down-policer 
<Qos::QosPolicerProfileName> ] [ no up-marker | up-marker 
<Qos::QosMarkerProfileName> ] [ no ing-outer-marker | ing-outer-marker 
<Qos::QosMarkerProfileName> ] [ no ds-schedule-tag | ds-schedule-tag 
<Qos::DsSchedulerProfileTag> ] [ no up-policer-per-tc | up-policer-per-tc 
<Qos::QosPolicerPerTCProfileName> ] [ no up-dscptotc-prof | up-dscptotc-prof 
<Qos::QosDscpToTcProfileName> ] [ no dn-dscptotc-prof | dn-dscptotc-prof 
<Qos::QosDscpToTcProfileName> ] [ no up-pbittotc-prof | up-pbittotc-prof 
<Qos::QosPbitToTcProfileName> ] [ no dn-pbittotc-prof | dn-pbittotc-prof 
<Qos::QosPbitToTcProfileName> ] [ no up-default-tc | up-default-tc 
<Qos::tcvalue> ] [ no dn-default-tc | dn-default-tc <Qos::tcvalue> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "QoS Session Profile Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(name)                     A unique profile name

Table "QoS Session Profile Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

logical-flow-type          a traffic stream up on which policy to be made. 
Important note: this mandatory parameter is depreciated. No distinction is made 
any more between the different flow types : independent on what is configured, 
generic is used.
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Qos::LogicalFlowType>
                           Format:
                           ( generic
                           | pvc
                           | dot-1x-session
                           | pvc-vlan-combination
                           | ppp-session
                           | ip-session
                           | ipoe-vlan-cc
                           | pppoe-vlan-cc
                           | ipoa-cc
                           | pppoa-cc
                           | ipoe-ibridge
                           | pppoe-ibridge
                           | pppoa-relay
                           | pppoe-relay
                           | ipoe-ip-aware-bridge
                           | ipoa-ip-aware-bridge
                           | ipoa )
                           Possible values:
                           - generic               : any defined logical flow
                           - pvc                   : all frames on a pvc
                           - dot-1x-session        : frames on a pvc except ppp 
frames
                           - pvc-vlan-combination  : frames on dot-1D port with 
the same vlan-id
                           - ppp-session           : all frames on a ppp session
                           - ip-session            : all frames in an IP 
session or interface
                           - ipoe-vlan-cc          : all ipoe frames in a vlan 
cc interface
                           - pppoe-vlan-cc         : all pppoe frames in a vlan 
cc interface
                           - ipoa-cc               : all ipoa frames in a ipoa 
cc interface(replaced by ipoa)
                           - pppoa-cc              : all pppoa frames in a 
pppoa cc interface
                           - ipoe-ibridge          : all ipoe frames in 
i-bridge interface
                           - pppoe-ibridge         : all pppoe frames in 
i-bridge interface
                           - pppoa-relay           : pppoa frames in pppoa 
relay interface
                           - pppoe-relay           : all pppoe frames in pppoe 
relay
                           - ipoe-ip-aware-bridge  : ipoe frames in ip aware 
bridge interface
                           - ipoa-ip-aware-bridge  : all ipoa frames in ip 
aware bridge interface(replaced by ipoa)
                           - ipoa                  : all ipoa frames in a ipoa 
interface

[no] up-policer            policer profile name applicable on this session 
upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPolicerProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] down-policer          policer profile applicable on this session downstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPolicerProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] up-marker             marker profile name applicable on this session 
upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosMarkerProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ing-outer-marker      outer marker profile name applicable on this session 
ingress
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosMarkerProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] ds-schedule-tag       specifies downstream scheduler tag
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"system-default"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::DsSchedulerProfileTag>
                           Format:
                           ( system-default
                           | cvlantag
                           | svlantag )
                           Possible values:
                           - system-default        : system default behavior: 
always the egress outer tag used.
                           - cvlantag              : Select downstream 
scheduler based on the c-vlan.
                           - svlantag              : Select downstream 
scheduler based on the s-vlan.

[no] up-policer-per-tc     policer-per-tc profile name applicable on this 
session upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPolicerPerTCProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] up-dscptotc-prof      dscp to tc qos profile name applicable on this 
session in upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosDscpToTcProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] dn-dscptotc-prof      dscp to tc qos profile name applicable on this 
session in downstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosDscpToTcProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] up-pbittotc-prof      pbit to tc qos profile name applicable on this 
session in upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPbitToTcProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] dn-pbittotc-prof      pbit to tc qos profile name applicable on this 
session in downstream
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Qos::QosPbitToTcProfileName>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | name : <Qos::IgnoredQosProfileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile name to 
associate
                           - name                  : enter profile name to be 
associated 
                           Data driven field type
                           Possible values are depending on the actual 
configuration and software.
                           The currently allowed values can be shown with 
online-help.

[no] up-default-tc         tc mapping for non ip packet applicable on this 
session in upstream
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::tcvalue>
                           Format:
                           - traffic class value range
                           - range: [-1...7]

[no] dn-default-tc         tc mapping for non ip packet applicable on this 
session in downstream
                           optional parameter with default value: -1L

                           Parameter type: <Qos::tcvalue>
                           Format:
                           - traffic class value range
                           - range: [-1...7]


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#