help configure linetest single ltsession
SINGLE LINETEST SESSION CONFIGURATION COMMAND
=============================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to configure the single LineTest session 
parameters.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with sip , xdsl privileges, and 
executed by operators with sip , xdsl privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure linetest single ltsession (sessionid) [ session-cmd 
<LineTest::SessCmdForConfig> ] [ ownerid <Gauge> ] [ timeout-period 
<LineTest::TimeOutPerSip> ] [ line-num <LineTest::LineNum> ] [ type-high 
<LineTest::ltTypeHigh> ] [ type-low <LineTest::ltTypeLowSip> ] [ test-parm-num 
<LineTest::TestParmNum> ] [ test-mode <LineTest::TestModeForConfig> ] [ 
inactive-timer <LineTest::InactTimer> ] [ type-extend 
<LineTest::ltTypeExtendSip> ] [ no group-opt | group-opt 
<LineTest::ltGroupTestOpt> ] [ no busy-overwrite | busy-overwrite 
<LineTest::ltBusyOverwriteFlag> ] [ no force-measure | force-measure 
<LineTest::ForceMeasure> ]

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "SINGLE LineTest Session Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(sessionid)                uniquely identify of session

Table "SINGLE LineTest Session Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

session-cmd                the linetest session command
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::SessCmdForConfig>
                           Format:
                           ( create
                           | starttest
                           | sendinfo
                           | startinfo
                           | destroy
                           | recv-subtest
                           | start-subtest
                           | repeat
                           | endtest )
                           Possible values:
                           - create                : create a test session
                           - starttest             : transfer data done, start 
a test
                           - sendinfo              : start to transfer info 
data for an underway test
                           - startinfo             : transfer info data done, 
start info operation
                           - destroy               : destroy a test session
                           - recv-subtest          : start to transfer the 
sub-test's data
                           - start-subtest         : transfer sub-test's data 
done, start the sub-test
                           - repeat                : repeat the last test
                           - endtest               : end current test session

ownerid                    ownerid of the session
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gauge>
                           Format:
                           - gauge

timeout-period             timeout period
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TimeOutPerSip>
                           Format:
                           - allows to set the whole test timer including all 
test \r\nitems of all lines for the session. Should be larger \r\nthan or equal 
to the sum of all lines' limited time plus\r\nline test management time <2s>. 
Each line's limited time\r\nis the sum of all the test items' limited time in th
is \r\nline. There are two exceptions: a) cable-pair-ident,\r\nwhich uses a 
fixed limitation 60~5400s;\r\nb) diagnosis-call, which uses a fixed limitation 
42~120s.\r\nTest items' limited time(second):\r\n| test type                | 
POTS | MELT |\r\n- type-high\r\n| group                    | 20   | 18   |\r\n| 
feeded-ac-vol            | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| foreign-ac-vol           | 10   | 
5    |\r\n| feeded-dc-vol            | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| foreign-dc-vol        
   | 15   | 5    |\r\n| feeding-current          | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| 
resistance               | 6    | 18   |\r\n| capacitance              | 15   | 
18   |\r\n| impedance                | 5    | N/A  |\r\n| low-capacit-phone     
   | 20   | N/A  |\r\n| force-ring-subscrib      | 120  | N/A  |\r\n| 
dialton-delay            | 8    | N/A  |\r\n| msocket-detection        | 6    | 
N/A  |\r\n- type-low\r\n| ac-current               | 66   | N/A  |\r\n| 
dc-current               | 66   | N/A  |\r\n| noise-level              | 66   | 
N/A  |\r\n| howler                   | 120  | N/A  |\r\n| status-monitored      
   | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| talking-father           | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| 
line-reverse-sub         | 60   | N/A  |\r\n| p-meter-pulse-sub        | 6    | 
N/A  |\r\n| ring-subscrib-sub        | 60   | N/A  |\r\n| dpdtmf-signal-sub     
   | 60   | N/A  |\r\n| userloop-sub             | 6    | N/A  |\r\n| 
etsi-signature           | N/A  | 18   |\r\n| electronic-ringer        | 10   | 
N/A  |\r\n| longitudinal-current     | 3    | N/A  |\r\n| conductance           
   | 8    | 20   |\r\n| susceptance              | 8    | 20   |\r\n| 
iltf-hazardous-voltage   | 30   | 20   |\r\n- type-extend\r\n| 
iltf-term-signature      | N/A  | 20   |\r\n| iltf-term-capacitiv      | 15   | 
20   |\r\n| iltf-ppa-test            | 15   | 20   |\r\n| roh-test              
   | 8    | 20   |\r\n| gr909-ringer             | 20   | N/A  |\r\n| 
gr909-dialtone-d         | 8    | N/A  |\r\n| gr909-roh                | 20   | 
N/A  |\r\n| gr909-hazardous-p        | 20   | N/A  |\r\n| gr909-femf            
   | 20   | N/A  |\r\n| gr909-resistive-f        | 20   | N/A  |\r\n| 
iltf-term-ringer         | 10   | N/A  |\r\n| zener-res-volt           | 8    | 
20   |\r\n| isdn-pra-remotelb        | 2    | N/A  |\r\n| isdn-pra-ploadlb      
   | 2    | N/A  |\r\n| isdn-pra-locallb         | 4    | N/A  |\r\n| 
isdn-pra-cablelb         | 2    | N/A  |\r\n| cas-r2-remotelb          | 2    | 
N/A  |\r\n| cas-r2-ploadlb           | 2    | N/A  |\r\n| cas-r2-locallb        
   | 4    | N/A  |\r\n| cas-r2-cablelb           | 2    | N/A  |
                           - unit: second
                           - range: [2...4294967295]

line-num                   line number in the session of test (Max line number 
depends on the physical line number of the device)
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::LineNum>
                           Format:
                           - line number in the session of test
                           - range: [1...72]

type-high                  indicate line test items
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ltTypeHigh>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | group
                           | feeded-ac-vol
                           | foreign-ac-vol
                           | feeded-dc-vol
                           | foreign-dc-vol
                           | feeding-current
                           | resistance
                           | capacitance
                           | impedance
                           | low-capacit-phone
                           | force-ring-subscrib
                           | dialton-delay
                           | msocket-detection )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : null
                           - group                 : group test, see group-opt 
argument for the content of the group test
                           - feeded-ac-vol         : feeded ac rms voltage 
test, HBit31/30/29
                           - foreign-ac-vol        : foreign ac rms voltage 
test, HBit26/27/28
                           - feeded-dc-vol         : feeded dc voltage test, 
HBit18/23/24/25
                           - foreign-dc-vol        : foreign dc voltage test, 
HBit20/21/22
                           - feeding-current       : feeding current test, 
HBit19
                           - resistance            : insulating resistance 
test, HBit12/13/14/15/16/17(ISDN line test only support HBit14/15/16/17)
                           - capacitance           : capacitance test, 
HBit8/9/10/11
                           - impedance             : impedance test, HBit4/5/6/7
                           - low-capacit-phone     : low capacitance phone 
detect test, HBit3
                           - force-ring-subscrib   : force ring subscriber 
test, HBit2
                           - dialton-delay         : dial tone delay test of 
user circuit only in idle , HBit1
                           - msocket-detection     : termination (m socket 
detection) test, HBit0

type-low                   indicate line test items
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ltTypeLowSip>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | ac-current
                           | dc-current
                           | noise-level
                           | howler
                           | status-monitored
                           | cable-pair-ident
                           | talking-father
                           | line-reverse-sub
                           | p-meter-pulse-sub
                           | ring-subscrib-sub
                           | dpdtmf-signal-sub
                           | userloop-sub
                           | etsi-signature
                           | electronic-ringer
                           | longitudinal-current
                           | conductance
                           | susceptance
                           | iltf-hazardous-voltage )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : null
                           - ac-current            : ac current test normal 
test, LBit29/30/31
                           - dc-current            : dc current test normal 
test, LBit28/27/26
                           - noise-level           : noise level normal test, 
LBit24
                           - howler                : howler test under normal 
test, LBit22
                           - status-monitored      : status monitored test, 
LBit20
                           - cable-pair-ident      : cable pair identification 
test, LBit19
                           - talking-father        : talking test (father test 
item), LBit18
                           - line-reverse-sub      : line reverse test, subtest 
of talking test, LBit17
                           - p-meter-pulse-sub     : private meter pulses test, 
subtest of talking test, LBit16
                           - ring-subscrib-sub     : ring subscriber with auto 
ring test, subtest of talking test, LBit15
                           - dpdtmf-signal-sub     : dp/dtmf signal test, 
subtest of talking test, LBit14
                           - userloop-sub          : resistance of user loop 
(tip-ring), subtest of talking test, LBit13
                           - etsi-signature        : etsi signature test, 
including capacitance and resistance, LBit12/11, for MELT only
                           - electronic-ringer     : electronic ringer detect 
test, including capacitance and resistance, LBit12/11, for NPOT-B only
                           - longitudinal-current  : longitudinal current test, 
LBit9
                           - conductance           : termination conductance 
test, LBit4/5/6
                           - susceptance           : termination susceptance 
test, LBit1/2/3
                           - iltf-hazardous-voltage: hazardous voltage 
detection test, LBit0

test-parm-num              parameter lines number in the session for test
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestParmNum>
                           Format:
                           - parameter lines number in the session of test
                           - range: [0...6]

test-mode                  test mode
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::TestModeForConfig>
                           Format:
                           ( single
                           | interactive
                           | cablepair )
                           Possible values:
                           - single                : the test will be end after 
one time
                           - interactive           : the interactive test
                           - cablepair             : the cable pair test

inactive-timer             session inactive timer
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::InactTimer>
                           Format:
                           - session inactive timer, 0 means never destroy the 
session automatically
                           - unit: second
                           - range: [0,120...65535]

type-extend                indicate line test items
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ltTypeExtendSip>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | iltf-term-signature
                           | iltf-term-capacitiv
                           | iltf-ppa-test
                           | roh-test
                           | gr909-ringers
                           | gr909-dialtone-d
                           | gr909-roh
                           | gr909-hazardous-p
                           | gr909-femf
                           | gr909-resistive-f
                           | iltf-term-ringer
                           | zener-res-volt
                           | isdn-pra-remotelb
                           | isdn-pra-ploadlb
                           | isdn-pra-locallb
                           | isdn-pra-cablelb
                           | cas-r2-remotelb
                           | cas-r2-ploadlb
                           | cas-r2-locallb
                           | cas-r2-cablelb
                           | diagnosis-call )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : null
                           - iltf-term-signature   : galvanic signature 
detection, ExBit31, only applicable for MELT
                           - iltf-term-capacitiv   : end device capacitance 
>50nF detection, ExBit30
                           - iltf-ppa-test         : ppa variant test, ExBit29
                           - roh-test              : termination roh test, 
ExBit28
                           - gr909-ringers         : ringers test, ExBit26
                           - gr909-dialtone-d      : draw and break dial tone 
delay test, ExBit25
                           - gr909-roh             : receiver off hook test, 
ExBit24
                           - gr909-hazardous-p     : hazardous potential test, 
ExBit23,
                           - gr909-femf            : foreign electromotive 
force  test, ExBit22
                           - gr909-resistive-f     : resistive faults test, 
ExBit21
                           - iltf-term-ringer      : Termination Ringer 
Testing, ExBit27,only applicable for NPOT-B/C
                           - zener-res-volt        : Zener Resistance and 
Voltage test, ExBit20/19
                           - isdn-pra-remotelb     : ISDN PRA Remote loopback 
test, ExBit18
                           - isdn-pra-ploadlb      : ISDN PRA Payload loopback 
test, ExBit17
                           - isdn-pra-locallb      : ISDN PRA Local loopback 
test, ExBit16
                           - isdn-pra-cablelb      : ISDN PRA Cable loopback 
test, ExBit15
                           - cas-r2-remotelb       : CAS R2 Remote loopback 
test, ExBit18
                           - cas-r2-ploadlb        : CAS R2 Payload loopback 
test, ExBit17
                           - cas-r2-locallb        : CAS R2 Local loopback 
test, ExBit16
                           - cas-r2-cablelb        : CAS R2 Cable loopback 
test, ExBit15
                           - diagnosis-call        : diagnosis call test, 
ExBit14

[no] group-opt             indicate line test items
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ltGroupTestOpt>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | extended
                           | pots-collective
                           | melt-collective )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : identifier group test 
normal report value, HBit28/27/26/22/21/20/17/16/15/14/11/9/8
                           - extended              : identifier group test 
extended report value, HBit28/27/26/22/21/20/17/16/15/14/11/9/8
                           - pots-collective       : identifier pots collective 
tests,HBit28/27/26/22/21/20/17/16/15/14/11/9/8, LBit12/11/6/5/4/3/2/1, 
ExBit30/29/28/27/20/19
                           - melt-collective       : identifier MELT collective 
tests,HBit28/27/26/22/21/20/17/16/15/14/11/9/8, LBit12/11/6/5/4/3/2/1, 
ExBit31/30/29/28/20/19

[no] busy-overwrite        Session Busy Overwrite status
                           optional parameter with default value: "false"

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ltBusyOverwriteFlag>
                           Format:
                           ( true
                           | false )
                           Possible values:
                           - true                  : busy overwrite enable
                           - false                 : busy overwrite disable

[no] force-measure         status of line for test
                           optional parameter with default value: "false"

                           Parameter type: <LineTest::ForceMeasure>
                           Format:
                           ( true
                           | false )
                           Possible values:
                           - true                  : force the MELT measurement 
for requested line tests
                           - false                 : force measurement is not 
required


DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#