help configure equipment ont interface
ONT INTERFACE CONFIGURATION COMMAND
===================================

Command Description
-------------------

This command allows the operator to create and configure the ONT parameters.

provversion - when '*'is set, it detects ONT hardware version on board and is 
updated accordingly.

sernum - User can only set it when admin state is down and admin-state cannot 
be changed to up with default sernum (ALCL:00000000). The First 4 bytes form 
the vendorid and the last 8 butes form the serial no.

sw-ver-pland - The special string of 'AUTO' is used to indicate that if this 
ONT's hardware version (eqpt-ver-num in 'show ont interface command) and 
planned variant (plnd-var) has a matching entry created using 'configure 
equipment ont sw-ctrl', then the plnd-sw-version from the gponOntSwVerCtlTable 
table will be downloaded to the ONT. The special string of 'UNPLANNED' is used 
to avoid any download. The special string of 'DISABLED' is used not to control 
onu sw version, and not report mismatch alarm. The special string of 
'DELAYACTIVATE' is used for non-immediate activation.

subslocid - 0 to 12 (36 for ngpon2) ASCII character string or 0 to 20 (72 for 
ngpon2) HEX string depending on slidmode.

sw-dnload-version - The special string of 'AUTO' is used to indicate that if 
this ONT's hardware version (eqpt-ver-num in 'show equipment ont interface 
command) and planned variant (plnd-var) has a matching entry created using 
'configure equipment ont sw-ctrl', then the plnd-sw-version from the 
gponOntSwVerCtlTable table will be downloaded to the ONT. The special string of 
'DISABLED' is used to indicate this feature as blocked. If sw-ver-pland is set 
to 'DISABLED', sw-dnload-version can only be 'DISABLED'.

NOTE: In order to change power-shed-profile, provversion, sernum, fec-up, 
us-police-mode, us_tcpolice-mode, log-auth-id and log-auth-pwd parameters, the 
ONT state must be in Out-of-Service. If not specified, the values of the above 
parameters stay unchanged.

admin-state - cannot be modified in the same command execution with any other 
parameter and vice versa. If not specified, the value of this parameter stays 
unchanged.


User Level
----------

The command can be accessed by operators with equipment privileges, and 
executed by operators with equipment privileges.

Command Syntax
--------------

The command has the following syntax:
> configure equipment ont ( no interface (ont-idx) ) | ( interface (ont-idx) [ 
no battery-bkup | battery-bkup <Gpon::BatteryBkup> ] [ no berint | berint 
<Gpon::BertInterval> ] [ no desc1 | desc1 <Gpon::Desc> ] [ no desc2 | desc2 
<Gpon::Desc> ] [ no provversion | provversion <Gpon::ProvVersion> ] [ no sernum 
| sernum <Gpon::SerNum> ] [ subslocid <Gpon::SubsLocId> ] sw-ver-pland 
<Gpon::SwVerPlnd> [ no fec-up | fec-up <Gpon::FecUp> ] [ no bridge-map-mode | 
bridge-map-mode <Gpon::BridgeMapMode> ] [ no pwr-shed-prof-id | 
pwr-shed-prof-id <Gpon::PwrShedProfIndex> ] [ no ont-enable | ont-enable 
<Gpon::OntEnable> ] [ no p2p-enable | p2p-enable <Gpon::P2PEnable> ] [ no 
optics-hist | optics-hist <Gpon::OpticsHist> ] [ no sw-dnload-version | 
sw-dnload-version <Gpon::SwVerDn> ] [ no plnd-var | plnd-var <Gpon::PlndVar> ] 
[ no rf-filter | rf-filter <Gpon::RfFilter> ] [ no us-police-mode | 
us-police-mode <Gpon::UsPoliceMode> ] [ no enable-aes | enable-aes 
<Gpon::EnableAES> ] [ no voip-allowed | voip-allowed <Gpon::VoipAllowed> ] [ no 
iphc-allowed | iphc-allowed <Gpon::IphcAllowed> ] [ no slid-visibility | 
slid-visibility <Gpon::SlidAvailabilityStatus> ] [ no log-auth-id | log-auth-id 
<Gpon::LogAuthId> ] [ no log-auth-pwd | log-auth-pwd <Security::Password6> ] [ 
no cvlantrans-mode | cvlantrans-mode <Gpon::CVlanTransMode> ] [ no 
sn-bundle-ctrl | sn-bundle-ctrl <Gpon::SnBundleCtrl> ] [ no pland-cfgfile1 | 
pland-cfgfile1 <Gpon::CfgFileName> ] [ no pland-cfgfile2 | pland-cfgfile2 
<Gpon::CfgFileName> ] [ no dnload-cfgfile1 | dnload-cfgfile1 
<Gpon::CfgFileName> ] [ no dnload-cfgfile2 | dnload-cfgfile2 
<Gpon::CfgFileName> ] [ no us-tcpolice-mode | us-tcpolice-mode 
<Gpon::UsTcPoliceMode> ] [ no planned-us-rate | planned-us-rate 
<Gpon::PlannedUsRate> ] [ admin-state <Gpon::ItfAdminStatus> ] [ no 
oltdscppbitalign | oltdscppbitalign <Gpon::OltDscpPbitAlign> ] [ no 
ratelimit-us-dhcp | ratelimit-us-dhcp <Gpon::RateLimitUsDhcp> ] [ no 
ratelimit-us-arp | ratelimit-us-arp <Gpon::RateLimitUsArp> ] [ no flush-mac | 
flush-mac <Gpon::FlushMac> ] [ no template-name | template-name 
<Gpon::OnuProvTemplateName> ] [ no evtocd | evtocd <Gpon::Evtocd> ] [ no vtfd | 
vtfd <Gpon::Vtfd> ] )

Command Parameters
------------------

Table "ONT Interface Configuration Command" Resource Parameters

Resource Identifier        Description

(ont-idx)                  ONT index

Table "ONT Interface Configuration Command" Command Parameters

Parameter                  Description

[no] battery-bkup          battery backup
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::BatteryBkup>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : ONT is not equiped with 
battery backup
                           - enable                : ONT is equiped with 
battery backup

[no] berint                accumulation interval (in number of downstream 
frames) for ONU BER calculation
                           optional parameter with default value: "8000"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::BertInterval>
                           Format:
                           - BER Interval
                           - range: [8000...100000]

[no] desc1                 free-form textual field for user to describe the ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: """"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::Desc>
                           Format:
                           - desc
                           - length: x<=64 

[no] desc2                 free-form textual field for user to describe the ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: """"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::Desc>
                           Format:
                           - desc
                           - length: x<=64 

[no] provversion           the provisioned version number
                           optional parameter with default value: "*"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::ProvVersion>
                           Format:
                           - provisioned version number
                           - length: x<=14 

[no] sernum                the provisioned serial number
                           optional parameter with default value: "ALCL : 
00000000"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SerNum>
                           Format:
                           <Gpon::VendorId> : <Gpon::SerialNo>
                           Field type <Gpon::VendorId>
                           - vendor id - 4 ASCII characters
                           - range: [a-zA-Z0-9]
                           - length: 4 
                           Field type <Gpon::SerialNo>
                           - serial num - 8 ASCII characters
                           - range: [a-fA-F0-9]
                           - length: 8 

subslocid                  subscriber location id (SLID)
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SubsLocId>
                           Format:
                           - subsloc id, 0 to 12 (36 for ngpon2) ASCII 
character string or 0 to 20 (72 for ngpon2) HEX string depending on slidmode
                           - length: x<=72 

sw-ver-pland               planned ONT software version number. If 
sw-dnload-version is set to disabled, sw-ver-pland cannot be set to 
delayactivate.
                           mandatory parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVerPlnd>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | unplanned
                           | disabled
                           | delayactivate
                           | <Gpon::SwVerPlnd> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download sw to onu using 
the sw-ctrl version
                           - unplanned             : avoid any download related 
action,but report mismatch alarm
                           - disabled              : not to control onu sw 
version, and not report mismatch alarm
                           - delayactivate         : for non-immediate 
activation
                           Field type <Gpon::SwVerPlnd>
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] fec-up                enable/disable use of FEC in Upstream direction
                           optional parameter with default value: "gpon : 
disable,ngpon : enable,auto-match : enable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::FecUp>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable
                           | recommended )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : Disable use of FEC in 
Upstream direction
                           - enable                : Enable use of FEC in 
Upstream direction
                           - recommended           : Automatically set based on 
planned ONT technology: gpon=disable,ngpon=enable,auto-match=enable

[no] bridge-map-mode       ont bridge map mode
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"1-mp-bridge-map-filter"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::BridgeMapMode>
                           Format:
                           ( 1-mp-bridge-map-filter
                           | n-p-bridge-map-filter
                           | n-mp-bridge-map-filter )
                           Possible values:
                           - 1-mp-bridge-map-filter: 1:MP bridge map mode
                           - n-p-bridge-map-filter : N:P bridge map mode
                           - n-mp-bridge-map-filter: N:MP bridge map mode

[no] pwr-shed-prof-id      power shed profile id
                           optional parameter with default value: "none"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PwrShedProfIndex>
                           Format:
                           ( none
                           | <Gpon::PwrShedProfIndex> )
                           Possible values:
                           - none                  : no profile to associate
                           Field type <Gpon::PwrShedProfIndex>
                           - a pwr shed profile index value
                           - range: [0...50]

[no] ont-enable            ONT disabling decision for rogue ONTs
                           optional parameter with default value: "auto"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OntEnable>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : OLT automatically decided 
on proper action
                           - disable               : ONT is Manually Disabled
                           - enable                : ONT is Manually Enabled

[no] p2p-enable            allow port-to-port traffic exchange between ethernet 
UNIs on the same ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::P2PEnable>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : Disable Port-to-port 
traffic exchange
                           - enable                : Enable Port-to-port 
traffic exchange

[no] optics-hist           daily optical supervision measurements collection
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OpticsHist>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : Disable daily optical 
supervision measurements collection
                           - enable                : Enable daily optical 
supervision measurements collection

[no] sw-dnload-version     standby ONT software version number to be 
downloaded. If sw-ver-pland is set to delayactivate, sw-dnload-version cannot 
be set to disabled.
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SwVerDn>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | disabled
                           | <Gpon::SwVerDn> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download sw to onu using 
the sw-ctrl version
                           - disabled              : indicate this feature is 
blocked. If sw-ver-pland is set to disabled, sw-dnload-version can only be 
disabled
                           Field type <Gpon::SwVerDn>
                           - ont sw version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] plnd-var              planned variant of the ONT hardware version.Use DO 
for Data-only ONTs,SIP for SIP ONTs,H.248 for MEGACO ONTs
                           optional parameter with default value: """"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PlndVar>
                           Format:
                           - planned variant of the ONT hardware version
                           - length: x<=80 

[no] rf-filter             filter settings for RF video
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"pass-low-high"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::RfFilter>
                           Format:
                           ( pass-none
                           | pass-low
                           | pass-low-high
                           | pass-low-middle )

                           Possible values:
                           - pass-none             : Pass Nothing
                           - pass-low              : Pass only Low Band
                           - pass-low-high         : Pass Low and High Band
                           - pass-low-middle       : Pass Low and Middle Band

[no] us-police-mode        upstream police mode
                           optional parameter with default value: "local"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::UsPoliceMode>
                           Format:
                           ( local
                           | network
                           | remote )
                           Possible values:
                           - local                 : local at OLT
                           - network               : remote at OLT
                                                     obsolete alternative 
replaced by remote
                           - remote                : remote at ONT

[no] enable-aes            downstream AES encryption for all unicast (X)GEM 
ports pertaining to the ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::EnableAES>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : disable downstream AES 
encryption
                           - enable                : enable downstream AES 
encryption

[no] voip-allowed          voip support on ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::VoipAllowed>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable
                           | iphost
                           | veip )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : disable voip support on ONT
                           - enable                : enable voip support on ONT
                           - iphost                : enable voip support on ONT 
using iphost
                           - veip                  : enable voip support on ONT 
using veip

[no] iphc-allowed          iphc support on ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::IphcAllowed>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : disable iphc support on ONT
                           - enable                : enable iphc support on ONT

[no] slid-visibility       slid visibility of the interface
                           optional parameter with default value: "disabled"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SlidAvailabilityStatus>
                           Format:
                           ( disabled
                           | enabled-slid-on
                           | enabled-all )
                           Possible values:
                           - disabled              : no access using http or 
telnet
                           - enabled-slid-on       : read-only access using 
http or telnet
                           - enabled-all           : read-write access using 
http or telnet

[no] log-auth-id           the logical id for the ont
                           optional parameter with default value: ""

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::LogAuthId>
                           Format:
                           - ont logical id
                           - length: x<=24 

[no] log-auth-pwd          the password for the ont
                           optional parameter with default value: "plain : "

                           Parameter type: <Security::Password6>
                           Format:
                           ( prompt
                           | plain : <Security::PlainPassword6> )
                           Possible values:
                           - prompt                : prompts the operator for a 
password
                           - plain                 : the password in plain text
                           Field type <Security::PlainPassword6>
                           - ont password
                           - length: x<=12 

[no] cvlantrans-mode       cvlan translation settings for all traffic except 
the configured multicast traffic
                           optional parameter with default value: "remote"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CVlanTransMode>
                           Format:
                           ( remote
                           | local )
                           Possible values:
                           - remote                : cvlan translate remote
                           - local                 : cvlan translate local

[no] sn-bundle-ctrl        sn bundling behavior associated with slid/loid
                           optional parameter with default value: "unbundle"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::SnBundleCtrl>
                           Format:
                           ( unbundle
                           | bundle
                           | auto )
                           Possible values:
                           - unbundle              : no bundle behavior for sn 
with loid/slid
                           - bundle                : manual bundling of sn with 
loid/slid
                           - auto                  : automatically bundle the 
sn with loid/slid when a new sn is learned

[no] pland-cfgfile1        indicate the cfgfile1 version to be planned
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | <Gpon::CfgFileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download configure file to 
onu using the sw-ctrl version
                           Field type <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] pland-cfgfile2        indicate the cfgfile2 version to be planned
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | <Gpon::CfgFileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download configure file to 
onu using the sw-ctrl version
                           Field type <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] dnload-cfgfile1       indicate the cfgfile1 version to be downloaded
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | <Gpon::CfgFileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download configure file to 
onu using the sw-ctrl version
                           Field type <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] dnload-cfgfile2       indicate the cfgfile2 version to be downloaded
                           optional parameter with default value: "DISABLED"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           Format:
                           ( auto
                           | <Gpon::CfgFileName> )
                           Possible values:
                           - auto                  : download configure file to 
onu using the sw-ctrl version
                           Field type <Gpon::CfgFileName>
                           - ont configure file version 
                           - length: 1<=x<=14 

[no] us-tcpolice-mode      upstream tc(gemport) police mode
                           optional parameter with default value: "local"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::UsTcPoliceMode>
                           Format:
                           ( local
                           | remote )
                           Possible values:
                           - local                 : local at OLT
                           - remote                : remote at ONT

[no] planned-us-rate       planned upstream rate
                           optional parameter with default value: 
"nominal-line-rate,cde : auto-match"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::PlannedUsRate>
                           Format:
                           ( nominal-line-rate
                           | 2.5g
                           | 10g
                           | 1.25g
                           | auto-match
                           | 25g )
                           Possible values:
                           - nominal-line-rate     : ont inherits upstream rate 
from nominal line rate(default)
                           - 2.5g                  : 2.5 GBit/sec
                           - 10g                   : 10 GBit/sec
                           - 1.25g                 : 1.25 GBit/sec
                           - auto-match            : upstream rate is detected 
when onu activates
                           - 25g                   : 25 GBit/sec

admin-state                administrative status of the interface
                           optional parameter

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::ItfAdminStatus>
                           Format:
                           ( up
                           | down )
                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : set the admin-state to up
                           - down                  : set the admin-state to down

[no] oltdscppbitalign      if OLT need perform DSCP to Pbit alignment for this 
ONU, when the DSCP to Pbit alignment is configured on the vlan port
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OltDscpPbitAlign>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : OLT will not do 
dscp-to-pbit alignment
                           - enable                : OLT will do dscp-to-pbit 
alignment

[no] ratelimit-us-dhcp     upstream rate limit for DHCP packets, unit is pps 
which means packets per second
                           optional parameter with default value: "10"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::RateLimitUsDhcp>
                           Format:
                           - ratelimit upstream DHCP packets, 0 - Disabled, 
1..16 - Enabled (Packets Per Second limit) 
                           - range: [0...16]

[no] ratelimit-us-arp      upstream rate limit for ARP packets, unit is pps 
which means packets per second
                           optional parameter with default value: "10"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::RateLimitUsArp>
                           Format:
                           - ratelimit upstream ARP packets, 0 - Disabled, 
1..16 - Enabled (Packets Per Second limit) 
                           - range: [0...16]

[no] flush-mac             flush MAC decision for UNIs of this ONT
                           optional parameter with default value: "disable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::FlushMac>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : the MAC will not be 
flushed when UNIs go down
                           - enable                : the MAC will be flushed 
when UNIs go down

[no] template-name         Name of the Template to be used for ONU 
auto-provisioning
                           optional parameter with default value: "DEFAULT"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::OnuProvTemplateName>
                           Format:
                           - Template name to be used for ONU auto provisioning
                           - range: [a-zA-Z0-9-_]
                           - length: x<=20 

[no] evtocd                ME Evtocd control
                           optional parameter with default value: "enable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::Evtocd>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : Disable ME Extended VLAN 
tagging operation configuration data
                           - enable                : Enable ME Extended VLAN 
tagging operation configuration data

[no] vtfd                  ME Vtfd control
                           optional parameter with default value: "enable"

                           Parameter type: <Gpon::Vtfd>
                           Format:
                           ( disable
                           | enable )
                           Possible values:
                           - disable               : Disable ME VLAN tagging 
filter data
                           - enable                : Enable ME VLAN tagging 
filter data


Table "ONT Interface Configuration Command" Display Parameters

Specific Information:

Parameter                  Description

 oper-state                operational state of the interface
                           This element is always shown.

                           parameter type: <Itf::ifOperStatus>
                           ( up
                           | down
                           | testing
                           | unknown
                           | dormant
                           | no-value )
                           Possible values:
                           - up                    : up,traffic can pass
                           - down                  : down,no traffic is passing
                           - testing               : testing,no traffic is 
passing
                           - unknown               : unknown
                           - dormant               : dormant,no traffic is 
passing
                           - no-value              : no entry in the table

 pwr-shed-prof-name        power shed profile name
                           This element is always shown.

                           parameter type: <Gpon::IgnoredPrintableString>
                           - ignored printable string

DS-LIN-TEST-01:automationuser>#